notes about job description
What you'll do:

    Designing, implementing, and delivering core platform infrastructure and services to production
    Understanding the needs of Skillz engineering teams and develop tooling to increase development efficiency
    Proactively maintain the availability of Skillz’s cloud infrastructure
    Work closely with engineering teams to constantly improve the stability and observability of all services in the Skillz ecosystem
    Enable and manage seamless upgrades of infrastructure and services through automation
    Leverage container platforms such as Kubernetes for large-scale deployment of microservices
    Design, deploy, and manage Skillz’s infrastructure in public clouds (AWS or GCP)
    Identify, gather, analyze and automate responses to key performance metrics, logs, and alerts
    Ensure infrastructure security compliance
    Disaster recovery planning and regional failover testing
    Automatic scaling of infrastructure and services
    Conduct post-mortems to analyze and prevent repeat failures
    Develop and optimize continuous integration and deployment processes (CI/CD)
    Conduct periodic on-call duties as needed on a regular scheme basis

Qualifications

    BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
    Fluent in one or more of Go, Python, Java, or Ruby
    Deep knowledge of containerization and cloud services frameworks in both Kubernetes and AWS
    6+ years of experience as a DevOps engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, Cloud Infrastructure or backend engineering
    Interest in designing, analyzing, and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems
    Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.
    Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks.
    Excellent skills in process, documentation, and change management.
    Experience with logging, monitoring, and alerting tools such as New Relic, ELK, Datadog, and PagerDuty
SUMMARY

The Software Development Engineer II will participate in all phases of software development to build services to support the goals of the organization. This position will be responsible for driving service and product performance opportunities, from idea generation to scoping to strategy building, and ultimately automation for self-monitoring, self diagnosing, and self-healing solutions. Additionally, they will creatively deal with ambiguity and juggle cross-organization complexity. 

WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING

    Effectively develop and maintain Java based applications utilizing AWS based services (ECS/SQS/S3/DynamoDB).

    Partner with other engineers, product managers and UX designers to ensure optimal customer experiences.

    Mentor junior developers by providing meaningful feedback and raise the bar on coding standards.

    Help drive the architecture and technology choices that enable an elegant and practical code.

    Work backwards from customer problems, figure out solutions, and implement them for speed and scalability.

WHAT YOU BRING TO THE TABLE

    At least five (5) years of professional experience in software development.

    Solid computer science fundamentals (theory, data structures, algorithms).

    Deep understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures, and algorithms.

    Strong skills in one modern programming language such as C#, Java, or Ruby.

    Experience with relational and/or non-relational databases.

    Proven track record of successfully design, build, deliver and troubleshooting complex service-oriented systems.

    Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem-solving abilities.

    Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly and concisely communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders across all levels of the organization.

    Passion for technical leadership and mentoring.

WHAT REALLY WOWS US

    College degree in a related field of study.

    A deep understanding of Java 8+ and experience with the Spring Framework.

    Experience with AWS technologies including DynamoDB, ECS, SQS, SNS, S3 or other Cloud based providers (GCP, Azure).

    Experience with CI/CD automation.

    Frontend development skills.

    Experience with NextJs/React/Svelte.

    You have strong opinions, a desire to teach others, and a strong inclination to learn.

This role is open to candidates physically located in the following metropolitan statistical areas: Austin, TX; Las Vegas, NV; New York, NY; and Seattle, WA. Candidates who are not physically located in one of these areas may not be considered for this role.

The base pay range for this position is $153,000-174,000 per year ; however, 

base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition, a full range of medical and other benefits is offered.
The Fine Print


The Zappos Family of Companies is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity regardless of race, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, veteran status, disability, history of disability or perceived disability. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may email us at recruiting@zappos.com or call us at 1.702.943.7777.

To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Our technology

Our web application is a single-instance, multi-tenant Ruby on Rails monolith supported by Postgres (database), Redis (background jobs), and memcached (Rails caching). We also run a Node.js webserver to support collaborative editing and real-time updates. Our application is hosted on Amazon Web Services and architected with ECS for reproducibility and scalability.

We utilize a growing amount of React on the front end to build rich client-side experiences, including our fully collaborative text editor and our slide presentation editor. We balance the strengths of both technologies — Rails for its conventions and simplicity and React for more powerful interactive functionality.

We embrace new technologies that help us deliver a lovable product, but we also remain cognizant of the maintenance overhead that a new library or platform brings. We solve the problems in front of us rather than prematurely optimizing to address issues that may never materialize.

We do most of our planning and collaboration in Aha! Roadmaps and built Aha! Develop so that software engineers and their teams could take advantage of those same rich features. We use Slack and Zoom for video calls. (Email? Rarely.)
Your experience

Most of our features involve writing significant Ruby on Rails code so you should have experience working in a Rails codebase. We also write a lot of React but we are happy to help you learn that part on the job.

We believe that being a kind person who elevates the rest of the team is just as valuable as writing great code. You have strong problem-solving skills and experience working on important functionality for a cloud-based product. You are humble, eager to learn, and always willing to help others. You want teammates who enjoy solving problems regardless of the technologies and techniques involved. You have worked at meaningful scale before and want to do so again. You also have the below experience and skills:

    Four+ years of experience working in Ruby on Rails

    Builder of scalable, efficient, and maintainable architectures

    Experience developing features at a high-growth SaaS company

    Active collaborator with product teams

Your work at Aha!

We work on a broad range of features across the full stack. As Lead Ruby on Rails Engineer, your work will include:

    Implementing new features for our users, touching each layer of the MVC as needed

    Building deeply interactive reporting interfaces using React

    Working proactively with product and UX to refine and iterate on specifications as the feature takes shape

    Investigating slow performance and optimizing queries to ensure Aha! is snappy and satisfying to use

    Interfacing directly with users to quickly squash bugs as part of our regular customer support rotation

    Documenting components in our style guide to help drive consistency

If the Lead Ruby on Rails Engineer role sounds appealing, we would love to hear from you. (A real human reviews every application.)
Grow with us

Everyone deserves to reach their fullest potential. We know that when we do work that matters with people we care about in a high-growth environment, we feel engaged and alive. It is why we joined Aha! and how we achieve our very best.

We offer all the benefits you would expect and more, including profit sharing. The specific benefits listed below are reflective of what we offer U.S.-based hires. We also do our best to extend identical benefits to international teammates.

    The base salary range for this role in the US is between $140,000 and $200,000.

    Cash-based compensation also includes profit sharing, and we contribute a percentage of your total pay each month toward your retirement.

    Medical, dental, and vision plans (for many teammates, we cover 100% of the premiums)

    Up to 200 hours of paid time off a year to spend however you want

    30 to 90 days of paid parental leave and five to 10 days of paid care and bereavement leave

    Up to $1,000 annually for third-party education, along with paid time off to immerse yourself in learning

    Volunteer opportunities throughout the year

Base salary and total compensation are dependent upon many factors, including skills, experience, and relevant past roles.
What We Do: 

Founded in 2015 as a fully remote company by former NSA cyber operators, Huntress was built on a simple premise: to force hackers to earn every inch of their access. 

Today’s cyber-attacks aren’t limited to large organizations with the security tools that can ward off threats. Hackers don't discriminate and will find a way to penetrate any vulnerability in any size business, which is why Huntress focuses on protecting those small to midsize businesses that make up the backbone of our economy.

Huntress stops hidden threats that sneak past preventive security tools by utilizing our award-winning security platform and expert human threat hunters through dynamic products including Managed EDR, MDR for Microsoft 365, and Managed Security Awareness Training.

Join the hunt and help us stop hackers in their tracks!

What You’ll Do: 

The Huntress team is looking for an innovative and highly motivated Senior Software Engineer with excellent problem solving and communication skills.  As a Senior Software Engineer at Huntress, you will be responsible for working in a feature delivery team to design, develop, and release software features for the Huntress Security Platform that provides for automated detection and human-powered threat hunting.

The Huntress Security Platform consists of the Huntress AWS Portal and over 2.6 million endpoint agents, which send telemetry used for threat hunting and remediation to our web portal.  You will focus on building new and exciting features from the product roadmap, while helping our product scale to handle management of agents and their data as our customer base grows.  You’ll be working with a smart and diverse team of problem solvers who exhibit high energy, deep technical skills, and a drive to get things done.    

Responsibilities: 

    Responsible for technical development of features for the Portal and delivering quality solutions
    Develop high-quality software, software designs and architecture
    Ensure code quality and test code through deliverables by testing own code and reviewing peers
    Take ownership over timely completion of work, problem-solving and robust code
    Actively engage and contribute to the team and new innovations
    Ability to mentor or coach junior engineers

What You Bring To The Team:  

    7+ years of experience developing complex software products
    5+ years of programming in Ruby on Rails
    Experience in Agile or Scrum environment
    Experience with JavaScript and CSS
    Experience working with external APIs
    Experience reviewing code, problem solving and technical troubleshooting
    BS in Computer Science or Engineering field or equivalent experience
    Experience with AWS Cloud Environments preferred
    Experience working on Linux based infrastructure

What We Offer: 

    100% remote work environment - since our founding in 2015
    Generous paid time off policy including vacation, sick time, and paid holidays
    12 weeks paid parental leave
    Highly competitive and comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits plans 
    401(k) with 5% contribution regardless of employee contribution
    Life and Disability insurance plans
    Stock options for all full-time employees 
    One-time $500 reimbursement to build/upgrade home office
    Annual allowance for education and professional development assistance 
    $75 USD/month digital reimbursement
    Access to both Udemy and BetterUp platforms for coaching, personal, and professional growth
**Looking for Talent in Poland or USA**

**Must be able to over lap some hours with USA time zones**

 

About the Job 

 

As a senior software engineer on TaskRabbit’s engineering team, you’ll get to build features and improvements for our platform. You’ll be helping to mentor more junior engineers, proposing creative solutions, de-tangling the complex into the simple, and collaborating closely with teammates across product and engineering. Our engineering team uses Ruby on Rails on the backend and we’re looking for people who are comfortable building APIs and architect the solution from the group up. Join us in creating a better everyday life for everyday people. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

    Build out software features to support clients, taskers, and internal users
    Architect and craft solutions to complex problems 
    Collaborate with design and product management to conceptualize new product features from the ground up 
    Work alongside more junior software engineers to help them think through designs, code implementation, and how to break down their goals into actionable steps 
    Participate in code reviews, listening to feedback and commenting on other approaches 
    Maintain and expand upon existing code and functionality 

 

Qualifications: 

    5+ years of experience developing Ruby on Rails applications 
    You have built API-driven applications or endpoints 
    You're excited about continuous integration and frequent, daily releases
    Understand how to organize code across the stack, what belongs in the front end, what the back 
    Know how to break problems down into smaller iterable steps achievable quickly
    Be comfortable with caching and understanding full lifecycle behavior of data flowing through the system 
    You are comfortable with an Agile work environment where you’ll be collaborating regularly with Product, Design, Data, QA, and other developers regularly

 

Nice to have:

    Experience with segment.io tool and payment domain is plus for this role.
Senior Backend Engineer (Ruby on Rails) at Aerodome
Remote (United States)
View all open roles

Aerodome is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer with Ruby on Rails experience to join our small engineering team.
Why Aerodome?

Aerodome is bringing the future of air support to public safety agencies around the world. Using a fully integrated, fully remote, automated, and AI-driven software operating system, we equip agencies with highly advanced, 24/7 drone-as-first-response capabilities. This means police and fire departments can automatically fly a drone to an emergency incident located anywhere in their city in less than 3 minutes, every time. State and Federal agencies can use Aerodome stations to immediately detect wildfires as soon as they start, helping prevent them from escalating into the devastating tragedies we've seen over the years.

The future of public safety air support is faster, safer, greener, more efficient, more effective, and more affordable. We make that future a reality, fostering safer communities worldwide.

You’ll be working on a team led by previously-exited founders in the space, alongside other highly experienced senior team members.

Come see why Andreessen Horowitz, 2048, Anti-fund, and Everywhere Ventures have joined us in our quest to save lives, end wildfires, mitigate dangerous police pursuits and reduce crime around the world.
Our Backend Tech Stack Includes

    Ruby on Rails

    PostgreSQL

    Sequel ORM

    Sidekiq

    OpenAPI 

You

    Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Ruby on Rails code.

    Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications.

    Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems.

    Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization.

    Collaborate with different teams to define, design, and ship new features.

    Integrate data storage solutions using PostgreSQL, the Sequel ORM, and Redis.

    Develop APIs and service architectures using OpenAPI specifications.

Your Experience

    8+ years of experience as a backend engineer.

    Strong experience with Ruby on Rails.

    Proficient in using SQL database systems, particularly PostgreSQL, with and without an ORM.

    Experience with the Sequel ORM for database interactions.

    Familiarity with OpenAPI for designing and implementing API solutions.

    Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative startup environment.

Stuff We Use

AWS, Axum, Docker, Figma, GitHub, GitHub Actions (for CI), Helm, Hotwire, Kubernetes, PostGIS, Postgres, PowerShell, React, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Rust, Sentry, Sequel, Storybook, TailwindCSS, Tokio, Turbo, WebRTC
Details:

A DevSecOps Engineer job working REMOTELY from anywhere in the U.S. is currently available at Belcan. The DevOps Engineer plays a crucial role in enhancing the development and deployment lifecycle of software applications by implementing automation, continuous integration, and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines. This role involves collaborating with development, operations, and quality assurance teams to streamline processes, optimize infrastructure, and ensure the reliability, scalability, and security of applications.
 
DevSecOps Engineer Job Duties:
The duties of a DevOps Engineer can vary depending on the project, its size, and specific requirements. However, common tasks and responsibilities include:
 
· Infrastructure Automation: Design, implement, and maintain automated infrastructure provisioning and configuration management solutions using tools like Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, or Chef.
 
· Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD): Develop, maintain, and enhance CI/CD pipelines to automate the build, test, and deployment processes for applications and services.
 
· Containerization and Orchestration: Implement containerization using Docker and orchestration using Kubernetes or similar platforms to manage containerized applications efficiently.
 
· Infrastructure as Code (IaC): Write and maintain infrastructure code using declarative languages such as YAML or JSON to define and provision cloud resources.
 
· Security: Implement security best practices throughout the infrastructure and application lifecycle, including secure configurations, access controls, and vulnerability management.
 
· Cloud Computing: Deploy and manage applications on public cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform, leveraging their services and features.

 
Required Qualifications:
· Bachelor"s degree in computer science, Engineering, or related field (or equivalent work experience).
 
· Proven experience in DevOps roles, with a strong understanding of software development, deployment, and operations processes.
 
· Crucial to have familiarity with cloud platforms such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
 
· Proficiency in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (Deployment), utilizing Jenkins, Azure Devops, or Gitlab CI/CD.
 
· Containerization Technologies. Proficiency in Docker, Kubernetes
Scripting skills - highly proficient in scripting with Python, Bash, PowerShell, or Ruby
 
· Troubleshooting skills - Ability to analyze and resolve issues with CI/CD pipeline.
 
· Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on automation and efficiency.
 
· Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in cross-functional teams.
 
· Ability to travel periodically.
 
· US Citizenship only
 
Preferred Qualifications & Skills:
· Expertise in Infrastructure as Code utilizing Azure Resource Manager or Terraform.
 
· Version Control/Source code management - Highly proficient in Git\Azure Repos
 
We provide a competitive pay and benefits package. This position is offering a salary range of $157,000 to $167,000. Belcan considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to education, experience, geographic location, and discipline. Benefits offered may include health care, dental, vision, life insurance; 401(k); education assistance; paid time off including PTO, holidays, and any other paid leave required by law.
 
As an employee with Belcan, you will be part of one of the largest engineering firms in the United States. We maintain a small company atmosphere as well as open communication at all levels of our organization, allowing for much more dynamic decision-making processes. We offer flexible schedules as well as an excellent mentoring system to ensure that you have all the knowledge and tools you need to meet a diverse range of engineering challenges. You will also have opportunities to advance to positions of greater responsibility, including management roles. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package. Build a challenging and rewarding career with an industry leader!
 
www.belcan.com
EOE/F/M/D/V
Our mission: to eliminate every barrier to mental health. 

Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether that’s meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond. 

Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over $370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached $2.5 billion.

Helping develop practices and processes that help Spring Health speed up and automate aspects of developing, testing, releasing and updating software will enable the engineering team to grow and support primary business functions. This role will be a leader in the development operations pod.

What you’ll be doing:

    Develop CI/CD pipelines across many architectures in order to assist releasing and ensuring code quality.
    Working closely with developers to improve process workflows
    Work closely with SecOps to maintain guardrails that limit risks and ensure secure solutions
    Ensure our current environments are set up in accordance with best practices
    Create and improve automation for building new environments 
    Work with the compliance team to implement best practices for storing PHI in a safe and consistent manner

What success looks like in this role: 

    Contribute to team oncall 
    Contribute to team design documents
    Deliver on projects for infrastructure automation 
    Deliver projects to improve developer experience and increase developer productivity 


What we expect from you:

    Have worked on previous devops teams or worked in the capacity of devops engineer
    Have worked with infrastructure as code technologies (terraform, cloudformation)
    Have some major cloud provider experience (AWS, GCP, or Azure)
    Experience in scripting languages (bash, python, or ruby preferred) 
    You've produced technical documentation about upcoming changes, rationale, and process for migration
    Work on tooling around CI/CD infrastructure 
    Focus on operational consistency and best practices when deploying new infrastructure or re-architecting existing services

The target salary range for this position is $100,000- $123,600, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.

Don’t meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!

Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values

Hypergrowth meets impact

What to expect working here:

    You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact
    This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact
    You will be empowered to set your own boundaries and asked to adapt them in critical moments when the company needs you
    You will create processes & products that have never existed before
    You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the most thriving team member and performer you can be
    Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as the company grows

And…

    You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field  
    You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace
    You will experience transparency, integrity, &  humility from leadership 
    You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo
    You get the space to experiment & innovate
    You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly
    You will become more resourceful and resilient
    You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future

Benefits provided by Spring Health:

Your Total Health:

    Health, Dental, Vision benefits start on your first day at Spring Health. You and your dependents also receive an individual One Medical account which is valued at $199/year per user. HSA and FSA plans available
    A yearly allotment of no cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists, coaches, and medication management providers for you and your dependents
    10 allocated sick days per year
    Flexible paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays throughout the year
    Access to Gympass, an on-demand virtual benefit that provides wellbeing coaching, and budget management.
    Spring Renewal: When you hit your four-year Springaversary, you’ll be awarded a four week, fully paid, sabbatical leave to renew and recharge. 

You And Your family:

    4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave
    Spring Health provides team members and their families with sponsored access to Bright Horizons® child care, back-up care, and elder care.
    Access to fertility care support through Carrot, in addition to $4,000 reimbursement for related fertility expenses

Supporting you financially through:

    Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
    On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting as we celebrate your first year with the company!
    Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2% after 90 days of employment

Creating a culture you can thrive in:

    Flexible work arrangements: 66% of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 33% work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices
    Focus Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
    Focus Weeks: In Spring 2023, we held our first ever Focus Week, we canceled all non-essential meetings, minimized distractions, and you, our team members, to dive into the key work that gets chopped up or deprioritized during the regular day-to-day. We saw a 36% jump in the average energized score after those five days of flow state work and are finalizing a plan for quarterly Focus Weeks for team members.
    Up to $1,000 Professional Development Reimbursement per calendar year.
    $200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes
Who We Are

Priori is ranked a Chambers Tier 1 Global LawTech company and a Financial Times Intelligent Business, Priori is the game-changing legal technology platform for in-house legal teams to find and engage external counsel.

Priori raised a $15 million Series A1 in July 2022, from Eagle Proprietary Investments, Thomson Reuters Ventures, The LegalTech Fund, Thirty Five Ventures, PEAK6 and Soma Capital in addition to existing investors Bridge Investments, Great Oaks Venture Capital, HearstLab, Mindset Ventures and Jambhala who participated in the funding round.

Our team is passionate about making the $400BN legal industry more transparent and efficient.

About the Role

Priori Legal is looking to add a Senior Developer to our engineering organization. In this role, you will be involved in all aspects of the software development process. You will guide and contribute to the design and development of new features, help optimize and scale our application, and work within an agile development environment. You will be responsible for building both server-side logic (using Ruby on Rails) and front-end components (JavaScript using Vue.js). As a leader in the organization, you will be responsible for mentoring other Engineers through pair programming and code review.

    Plan and contribute to all phases of the agile development lifecycle
    Perform code review, mentor and support the work of junior developers
    Ensure use of best practices (test-driven development, continuous integration, and code standards)
    Test and maintain software products to ensure optimized functionality
    Recommend and lead continuous adoption and integration of relevant new technologies
    Clearly and regularly communicate with the CTO, Engineering Manager, Engineering Team, Product Team, and external stakeholders
    Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code
    Develop robust, scalable, and secure features

Our Stack

    Vue.js
    Ruby on Rails
    Postgres
    Heroku
    AWS
    Github
    Sentry

About You

    4+ years professional software development experience
    Extensive knowledge of one or more modern front-end JavaScript frameworks (Vue, React, Angular)
    Extensive knowledge of Ruby on Rails
    Experience with responsive front-end frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, etc)
    Experience with version control systems, such as Git
    Understanding of Agile software development principles
    Passion for writing great, simple, clean, efficient code
    Ability to work independently and multi-task effectively
Sr/Software Engineer - Dev Ops/Infrastructure (US Remote)
(View all jobs)
US - Remote

Senior/Software Engineer (Core Engineering Team)
Job Location:  Remote anywhere in the US
Start Date: ASAP/Flexible

Unfortunately, we are not able to provide visa sponsorship for this role at this time.

About CreativeX:

CreativeX elevates the creative expression of data, building the global standard for creative quality. The world's biggest brands including Facebook, Unilever, Heineken and more use our technology and tools to make effective, data-driven creative decisions to achieve creative excellence at scale and maximize the impact of every creative decision through technology powered by machine learning.

We are growing our Engineering team with additional Software Engineer opportunities to help take us to the next stage of our journey. We are currently looking for Senior Engineers to come and join our team!


Who you are:

We are looking for a seasoned technologist to join our core engineering team. The core team is part site reliability, platform engineering, and devops. Your specific responsibility will likely be a function of your interests and our priorities. You are probably a software engineer but have migrated to managing systems, or perhaps the other way around. You know how to build things but may be more interested in scaling and ensuring reliability.

Here are examples things that we have done recently:

Upgraded Ruby on Rails

Performed SQL query tuning

Introduced datadog to monitor system

Built out Ansible to automate our production environment

Our ideal new teammate is someone who likes to learn new things and stretch themselves. We know lots of places say that, so what do we mean? If you have been experimenting with a new piece of tech on the weekends and think it would help us work better, then encourage us to test it out! We value engineers who love data and appreciate the quantitative side of life. People who look for an extremely agile environment and love to work on an autonomous but closely-knit team would thrive here. We're looking for people who'll actively want to make our technology stack (and our company) better! Also, it's important to us that the person who joins wants to contribute to growing the CreativeX as a whole. While your main job will be coding, we prefer to work with people who speak up and make their voice heard when it comes to other aspects of our product, including design, UX, and feature development. At CreativeX we encourage applicants of all backgrounds and identities to apply for roles that align with their own interests and career trajectory.


Preferred Qualifications / Experience

    At least 3 years of relevant software engineering experience
    Computer Science degree preferred but not required

At CreativeX we encourage applicants of all backgrounds and identities to apply for roles that align with their own interests and career trajectory. If you meet a majority of the qualifications and see yourself in this role, we would love to see your application!


What we Offer:

🍎  Fully paid medical, dental, and vision (US) and Private Medical Insurance and Health Cash Plan ******(UK)

✈️  Generous time off + bank holidays

📚  Education budget to be used for individual learning experiences or grouped with your team for joint learning

🧘  Annual subscription to Calm and Headspace for your mental wellbeing

🎟  Monthly coaching to talk to a trained professional about career goals, relationships, and personal development

💵  Competitive salary and commission plan including stock options, as we believe that everyone should have a stake in the business

🍼  3-month full pay parenting leave for all employees who have been with the company for one (1) year

🪴 Employee contributions to a 401(k) once they have completed their eligibility period
Technical Co-Founder - Exciting new brand

About TeamSourced:
TeamSourced is about to rebrand and deliver a product that will pioneer a new category we call AI-Powered Relationship Management (AIRM). We have already developed a multi-workspace CRM platform and a powerful Chrome extension that professionals use to streamline relationship management.

Our vision is to revolutionize how professionals build and maintain relationships by leveraging cutting-edge AI technology. We are now seeking a visionary Technical Co-Founder to help us expand our integration capabilities, develop advanced technologies for data management, and integrate a generative AI agent into our platform and Chrome extension.

Role Description:
As the Technical Co-Founder, you will play a critical role in shaping the technical direction and development of our AI-powered relationship management solutions. You will lead the expansion of our integration capabilities, develop the platform, and integrate a generative AI agent into our existing platform and Chrome extension. It requires a strong commitment to our vision and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.

Key Responsibilities:

    Collaborate with the founding team to define the technical roadmap and architecture of our AI-powered relationship management solutions
    Lead the development of our expanded platform, ensuring efficient and secure data management
    Integrate a generative AI agent into our existing platform and Chrome extension to provide intelligent insights and automation
    Expand our platform's integration capabilities
    Manage technical projects from ideation to implementation, ensuring timely delivery and high-quality output
    Build and lead a high-performing engineering team, fostering a culture of innovation and excellence. (Note that if this is an area you are not strong in but want to learn and grow in, please still apply. We can develop you as a leader.)
    Implement best practices in software development, testing, and deployment to ensure the scalability and reliability of our solutions
    Stay up-to-date with industry trends and advancements in AI, data management, and relationship management technologies
    Collaborate with product management, design, sales, and marketing teams to drive product development and growth
    Contribute to the overall strategy and decision-making process as a key member of the leadership team

Qualifications:

    Founder mentality. We ground and built two businesses over four years to build this platform. We want someone coming in with an equal passion for building innovative products that solve real-world problem
    Proven track record of technical knowledge and hands-on experience in building scalable AI-powered solutions
    Strong expertise (or hunger and desire to learn and grow quickly) in AI, machine learning, data management, and integration technologies
    Self-motivated. We don't have an office; we work remotely. We need someone who is disciplined and will be green on slack as often as we are. 
    Proficiency in modern programming languages and frameworks (e.g. JavaScript, Typescript, React, Ruby on Rails)
    Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS) and deploying large-scale applications
    Do you have an opinion on whether we should use our already built OpenAI API endpoints or rebuild and host them with LLaMA of DBRX?
    Strong analytical skills, with the ability to make data-driven decisions
    Decent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional team
    A bachelor's or advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field is great but not required.
        Candidates who meet our responsibilities and qualities listed above (or are close) and are hungry to build something big can also apply.

Compensation and Benefits:

    Initial salary of $0 until we raise funding or achieve profitability
    After funding or profitability, the salary range will be $150,000 to $180,000 per year based on prior experience, with a graduated salary based on platform performance and revenue objectives obtained
    Generous equity package commensurate with experience and contribution
    Flexible work hours and remote work options
    Opportunity to work with cutting-edge AI technologies and shape the future of work.

TeamSourced is an equal-opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Please note that no physical presence at a specific location is required for this role. The position is open to candidates residing in California, USA, and relocation assistance is not provided.

If you are tired of working with assholes who get rich off your labor and rarely reward you, then come and talk with us. We have built recruiting departments for 18 VC-backed startups. We have seen all the stupid mistakes and BS. There is none of that with us. We are focused on our labor, and then we focus on our lives and families.  We want someone who wants to work with a good group of people whom they can trust and with whom they can also share a nice chunk of the profits over time.

While trying to raise money, we are also racing to enable monetization and start charging customers. We are also turning our marketing on as well and are seeing a lot of positive signs from the network. If you read all the way to this point, you are super detailed oriented. Why not email me at michael@teamsourced.com? Let's start talking.
locations
    Remote - United States

time type
    Full time

posted on
    Posted 6 Days Ago

job requisition id
    REQ-3061

Join TriumphPay!

At TriumphPay, a member of the Triumph Financial portfolio of brands, we believe our team members make a difference. They make a difference in the lives of their customers, their communities and with our organization as a whole. That's why we look for team members with an entrepreneurial spirit and a passion to build successful partnerships with our clients. Because at the end of the day our goal is to help our partners businesses run better.

At TriumphPay, we are building the transportation payments network for the future. Our software touches a combined $37.1B in annualized freight volume, representing over 20% of the brokered freight market in the U.S. TriumphPay’s customers are using our products to solve real world problems. This is both exciting and also an incredible responsibility.

We are looking for experienced full-stack engineers to join our team of 35+ engineers. If you join TriumphPay, you will work closely in a team of 3-5 people on a specific project. Teams are responsible for managing their own backlogs and schedule. To develop a breadth of experience, our engineers rotate on a quarterly basis. A rotation gives the team a chance to work with others, and work on a variety of projects, sometimes utilizing differing technologies.

Our engineering team is fully remote and believes strongly in work-life balance.

A Day In The Life: 

There’s no defined template that teams at TriumphPay follow, allowing each team to build the day that lets them perform at their best.

Typically, a team has a morning standup allowing them to catchup on what happened yesterday, and ensure there’s a plan in place for the day ahead. You’ll work with our product group and members of the sales team to ensure we’re building the tools our customers need to succeed.

Our teams are split into four working areas and you’d have the ability to work throughout these areas depending on your skills, experience, and interests.

The Tech:

Across our team we work in a mixture of Ruby (with Sorbet), Elm, and React (TypeScript).

We love curious individuals who believe they can always improve, and we know that good developers are capable of picking up new languages and tools.

Engineers are provided a top of the line MacBook to do their work, and you’ll have access to all the necessary tooling to do the non-coding parts of your job (Zoom, Slack, etc.).

To succeed in this role, you should be:

    Curious. You aren't content with the status quo and know that we can always improve.

    Collaborative. You can work with others to improve a solution.

    Empathetic. Your designs are influenced by a deep understanding of the customers' needs.

    A strong communicator. You will proactively communicate issues and trade-offs with team members to support alignment and fast decision making.

    Be an outstanding developer. Your peers should recognize you as one of the best and the brightest developers they have worked with.

    A superb problem solver, with a knack for technical innovation.

Bonus points for:

    Leading an engineering team or running a consulting company.

    Experience with functional languages like Elm, Haskell, OCaml, or Elixir.

    Previous Logistics experience.

The full salary range for this role is $141,000 - $218,548 USD Annually.

***Location:  Dallas, TX or Remote U.S. excluding the following states:  AK, CT, DE, ID, IN, MD, MA, MS, MT, NE, NC, ND, RI, SD, VT, WA, WV, WY***

#LI-JC1

#LI-Remote

We offer Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, 401k and much more.
Job Description

As a Senior DevOps Engineer, you will help build out and run production environments, automate operations and maintain and support infrastructure.  Successful collaboration with the development teams is an integral part of this role.

    Implement and support integrated CI/CD pipelines for on-premises and/or cloud assets using tools such as Jenkins, GitHub/Bitbucket, Nexus/Artifactory
    Implement, deploy and maintain infrastructure as code (IaC) for provisioning infrastructure using AWS CloudFormation or Terraform
    Maintain, monitor, and improve application configurations using tools such as Ansible, Packer, Puppet, or Chef Designs, deploys, monitors, and manages cloud solutions in public environments such as AWS or Azure, or private environments using tools such as VMWare and NetApp.
    Hands on coding and scripting
    Deploy and manage applications into container platforms such as Docker, EKS, or OpenShift
    Design, build, and maintain automated monitoring and notification services to support fault tolerant and highly available systems and metrics using tools such as AWS CloudWatch, EFK, and Prometheus

Required:

    Typically requires a bachelor’s degree and 8-10 years of relevant experience
    7+ years of hands-on experience implementing &amp; configuring cloud environments (e.g. AWS, SalesForce, Azure)
    Experience in implementing infrastructure as code
    Strong cloud platform experience (preferably with Amazon Web Services)
    Experience in at least one technology/tool from each of the following categories:
        Configuration Management: Helm, Ansible (preferred), Chef, or Puppet
        GitOps: Flux or Argo CD
        Shell Scripting: BASH, PowerShell
        Systems Administration: Linux (RHEL), Windows
        CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, Go CD
        Build Automation: Maven, Gradle
        Version Management: Git (preferred), SVN
        Web Server: Apache, Nginx, HAProxy
        Programming Languages: Python, Ruby, Java
        Agile Methodologies: Kanban (preferred), Scrum
        Availability during the core business hours of 9-5 EST
    Ability to obtain an maintain a Public Trust clearance

Preferred:

    Experience deploying enterprise software within AWS Services, including: RDS, EC2, Elastic Load Balancers, Cloud Formation, ECS, Lambda, DynamoDB, multi regions, and API Gateway
    Candidates in the easterrn, central or mountain time zones
    Experience supporting US federal government contracts

In accordance with pay transparency guidelines, the proposed salary range for this position is $120,000 to $155,000. Final salary will be determined based on various factors such as relevant skills, experience and certifications. 

Find Your Next at Karsun Solutions and transform your career with the company transforming possible for the US Government.

At Karsun, collaboration drives our community. We’re committed to building an environment where team members from diverse backgrounds can innovate, learn and grow with us. Here at Karsun, the only limit to your potential is the limit of your curiosity.

And because we know well-being empowers us to thrive, we offer robust and comprehensive benefits including:

    Health, Life & Disability Insurance – Medical, Dental, Life and Disability coverage is paid for by Karsun for full time employees.
    Paid Parental Leave
    401k Retirement Plan – with pre-tax and post-tax ROTH contribution offerings and immediate vesting with a per pay period match
    Generous time off programs including 11 paid holidays per year
    Supplemental plans such as Vision, Pet Insurance and 529 Savings Plan
    Employee Assistance Program with behavioral health, physical wellness and financial advice
    Employee Discounts & Perks
    In-house Technical/Skills Training

Join Team Karsun and Find Your Next.

Karsun Solutions is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.

Karsun does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Karsun and Karsun will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Data Software Engineer

About Us

Our culture is built on passion, innovation, and transparency. We support each other unequivocally and we value strong communication, which stems from our love for our work, our clients, and our people.

We cultivate an environment that promotes collaboration, taking ownership, and ensuring voices are heard at every level. We believe in enabling innovative self-starters who are passionate about making a positive impact on healthcare administration. We foster continuous growth through our learning & development programs and our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive culture.

 

Mission:
The mission of a Senior Data Engineer is to leverage healthcare data from a variety of  sources to empower users, internal stakeholders, and our product & engineering teams in efforts to build data aspects of andros products & solutions.  You’ll be analyzing, managing,  and augmenting data assets to drive new insights and react to changes in that data quickly.  Our stack is primarily Python, ElasticSearch, and Postgres with other technologies like Airflow, Lambda, and various AWS technologies. 

Outcomes:

    Develop stable software that satisfies data product requirements as well as meeting architectural specifications

        Transform raw data into merging it with our global provider view enabling health care professionals to make informed business decisions.

            Review data requirements / data stories and corresponding data sources and data architecture

            Design and build a robust data model architecture to support optimal data processing and standardized metric definitions

        Maintain high levels of code test coverage while delivering clean concise and understandable code

        Builds and works with distributed computing systems for processing large data sets.

        Document data requirements / data stories and maintain data models to ensure seamless integration into existing data architectures

        Design, build, and maintain robust and efficient data pipelines that collect, process, and store data from various sources, including NPPES and state license data.

    Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Data Analysts, Product Managers, and Software Engineers, to define data requirements, and deliver data solutions that drive internal alignment and process improvements

        Provide constructive feedback on architectural designs and peer code reviews

    Contribute to building a best in class Provider Data Management system to empower users to collect,  analyze and react to provider data in new ways.

Role-Specific Competencies:

    Independent worker: Need to be able to communicate but also work independently 

    Cross-team collaboration: Collaborate across teams including but not limited to Engineering, Operations, and Client Success

    Curiosity and drive: Demonstrate curiosity and a well-developed drive to find answers to questions that are currently being asked or haven’t yet been asked

    Excellent communicator: comfort explaining technical problems in person and in writing

    Self-directed: Seeks responsibility, and strives for excellence.   Proactively identifies problems and presents solutions.


Desired Qualifications: 

    5+ years professional full time software development experience

    Advanced knowledge and experience with Python. 

    Experience with Ruby

    Experience with Spark or PySpark or Map Reduce

    Experience with AWS or other cloud services

    4+ years experience with PostgreSQL or other RDBMS

    2+ years experience with ElasticSearch

    Proficient in operating system concepts, specifically Linux

    Outstanding coding skills, knowledge of patterns and best practices in a  object oriented style


Salary Range:
$140,000-$155,000
Syndica is a developer infrastructure company building the cloud of web3. We are dedicated to building developer infrastructure that just works. Syndica offers highly scalable RPC node infrastructure, with advanced logging and analytics.

Our team is composed of the brightest crypto-native minds from places like Messari and 0x Labs as well as traditional technology firms like Facebook, AWS, Microsoft, and more.

We are backed by strategic partners, investors, and advisors who are all-in on our mission: Chamath of Social Capital, Coinbase Ventures, Solana Ventures, and many more.

At Syndica, big things happen. Every day, we’re translating vision into reality by tackling new and exciting challenges head-on. This is a breakthrough stage in our company, and you’ll experience firsthand the infectious enthusiasm of our employees and leadership team. You’ll have the opportunity to learn new skills, grow your career, and work with the smartest, most passionate people in crypto.

This role will have the primary accountability of designing, implementing, and operating Syndica’s blockchain infrastructure platform. Kubernetes knowledge is a necessity! The team operates with a “run what you write” philosophy and each engineer is responsible for deploying and operating the code they write.

A successful candidate must have demonstrable experience in at least one programming language (Go, Rust or C++), and preferably previous work in SaaS application development and operations. You will be working closely with the Support and Development team on the architecture and configuration of our AWS and GCP hosted infrastructure. You will be responsible to ensure the environment is built, deployed, configured, managed, and monitored correctly to support the business. The ideal candidate will also have prior experience developing applications on either of the three major cloud platforms - AWS, Azure, or GCP via Kubernetes.

Responsibilities

    Work with containers and container orchestration systems such as Kubernetes

    Manage AWS, Azure and/or Google Cloud infrastructure

    Deploy, manage, and operate scalable and fault-tolerant applications/micro-services infrastructure

    Create capacity and load testing distributed applications

    Perform system measurements and benchmarking

    Identify and troubleshoot any availability and performance issues at multiple layers of deployment, from hardware to operating environment, network, and application

    Evaluate performance trends and expected changes in demand and capacity, and establish the appropriate scalability plans

    Collaborate with other engineers to implement operational solutions while defining and adhering to industry best practices

    Use tools such as Grafana and Prometheus to monitor infrastructure at scale

Qualifications

    5+ years of related professional experience using Kubernetes

    5+ years of experience with cloud networking technologies and solutions

    Experience with setting up a Continuous Integration / Continuous Development pipeline

    Manage containers using container orchestrator Docker, Kubernetes (K8s)

    Knowledge of Cloud native architecture, Cloud tooling, DevOps and latest trends and practices

    Certification in Google Cloud, Azure Cloud or AWS is a plus

    Align a portion of your day with the business hours of Central Time Zone - UTC -6

    A systematic problem-solving approach, combined with a strong sense of ownership and drive

    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or relevant experience

What does success in this role look like?

    In three months, you have become one of our lead Infrastructure developers. You’ll have taken on independent code review responsibilities and are collaborating on the design of new features.

    In six months, you have earned the trust of the team and are delivering tasks through the entire SDLC, from design through development with minimal guidance, and are helping to effectively mentor new engineers joining the team.

    In twelve months, you have established a cadence of predictable, on-time delivery without cutting corners - we love clean, maintainable code.
Cloud Architect
Why Norstella?Norstella unites market-leading companies that all have a shared goal of improving patient access. Each organization (Evaluate, MMIT, Panalgo, Citeline and The Dedham Group) delivers must-have answers for critical strategic and commercial decision-making.
Together, we help our clients:

    Assess the market need and competitive landscape
    Know precisely which drugs to prioritize in their portfolios
    Find out where the launch difficulties will bebefore theyre difficulties
    Track and improve market access post-launch

By combining the efforts of each organization under Norstella, we can offer an even wider breadth of expertise, cutting-edge data solutions and expert advisory services alongside advanced technologies such as real-world data, machine learning and predictive analytics. At Norstella, we dont just deliver information and insights. We deliver answers you can act on.
About the role:
We are seeking a skilled and experienced AWS Cloud Architect to join our team and lead the design, implementation, and optimization of cloud-based solutions on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform. The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of AWS services, architecture principles, and best practices to architect scalable, secure, and highly available cloud solutions for our organization.
Responsibilities:

    Design and architect cloud-based solutions on AWS that meet the organization's requirements for scalability, reliability, security, and performance.
    Design, implement, and manage AWS infrastructure components including compute, storage, networking, databases, and security services.
    Document architecture designs, configurations, and procedures. Promote best practices for AWS usage and ensure adherence to standards and guidelines
    Collaborate with cross-functional teams including developers, DevOps engineers, and business stakeholders to understand requirements and translate them into technical solutions. Communicate effectively with stakeholders at all levels.
    And other duties as assigned

Requirements:

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field. Master's degree preferred.
    Proven experience designing and implementing complex, scalable, and secure solutions on AWS.
    Deep understanding of AWS services including EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, VPC, IAM, CloudFormation, and others.
    Strong knowledge of networking concepts, security principles, and best practices in cloud environments.
    Experience with DevOps practices and tools such as CI/CD pipelines, configuration management, and infrastructure as code (IaC), specifically Terraform
    Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
    Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes.
    Familiarity with serverless computing and microservices architecture.
    Experience with big data technologies such as Snowflake, Databricks and analytics platforms on AWS such as Sagemaker.
    Experience with ML Ops and Artificial Intelligence
    Strong communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills.

Preferred Qualifications:

    AWS certifications such as AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate or Professional.
    Experience with other cloud platforms such as Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform

The guiding principles for success at Norstella:
01: Bold, Passionate, Mission-First
We have a lofty mission to Smooth Access to Life Saving Therapies and we will get there by being bold and passionate about the mission and our clients. Our clients and the mission in what we are trying to accomplish must be in the forefront of our minds in everything we do.
02: Integrity, Truth, Reality
We make promises that we can keep, and goals that push us to new heights. Our integrity offers us the opportunity to learn and improve by being honest about what works and what doesnt. By being true to the data and producing realistic metrics, we are able to create plans and resources to achieve our goals.
03: Kindness, Empathy, Grace
We will empathize with everyone's situation, provide positive and constructive feedback with kindness, and accept opportunities for improvement with grace and gratitude. We use this principle across the organization to collaborate and build lines of open communication.
04: Resilience, Mettle, Perseverance
We will persevere even in difficult and challenging situations. Our ability to recover from missteps and failures in a positive way will help us to be successful in our mission.
05: Humility, Gratitude, Learning
We will be true learners by showing humility and gratitude in our work. We recognize that the smartest person in the room is the one who is always listening, learning, and willing to shift their thinking.
Benefits:

    Medical and prescription drug benefits
    Health savings accounts or flexible spending accounts
    Dental plans and vision benefits
    Basic life and AD&D Benefits
    401k retirement plan
    Short- and Long-Term Disability
    Paid parental leave
    Paid time off

The expected base salary for this position ranges from $170,000 to $220,000. It is not typical for offers to be made at or near the top of the range. Salary offers are based on a wide range of factors including relevant skills, training, experience, education, and, where applicable, licensure or certifications obtained. Market and organizational factors are also considered. In addition to base salary and a competitive benefits package, successful candidates are eligible to receive a discretionary bonus.
Norstella is an equal opportunities employer and does not discriminate on the grounds of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, gender reassignment, race, color, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability or age. Our ethos is to respect and value peoples differences, to help everyone achieve more at work as well as in their personal lives so that they feel proud of the part they play in our success. We believe that all decisions about people at work should be based on the individuals abilities, skills, performance and behavior and our business requirements. Norstella operates a zero tolerance policy to any form of discrimination, abuse or harassment.
We currently have a career opportunity for a Senior AWS DevOps Automation Engineer.  While our headquarters location is St. Louis, MO, this position is remote and can be based anywhere within the United States and will be working ET zones. 

Perficient is always looking for the best and brightest talent and we need you! We’re a quickly-growing, global digital consulting leader, and we’re transforming the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands. You’ll work with the latest technologies, expand your skills, and become a part of our global community of talented, diverse, and knowledgeable colleagues.

 

Job Overview:

We are seeking a highly motivated AWS DevOps Automation Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will play a key part in designing, developing, and implementing automated solutions to optimize AWS environments and support software development teams.

 
Responsibilities

    Support software development teams in an enterprise IT environment, fostering shared ownership of resources, environments, platforms, and tools.
    Champion DevSecOps practices, with a deep understanding of the path to production flow, branching & merging strategies, unit testing, code quality & security with SonarQube, dependency management, artifact & release management, and workflow orchestration (including test automation, IaC/configuration management, and Telemetry Data Management).
    Manage daily tasks and prioritize backlogs using JIRA effectively.
    Utilize Git, GitFlow, and GitOps for version control.
    Leverage GitHub Actions to automate workflows.
    Manage and support EKS workloads within an AWS environment.
    Employ Terraform to provision AWS resources and services efficiently.
    Utilize ServiceNow to manage IT support issues, incidents, and change requests.

Qualifications

    Proficiency in AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, and IAM.
    Experience supporting software development teams in an enterprise IT environment.
    Proven understanding of DevSecOps principles and methodologies.
    Proficiency in JIRA for task management and backlog prioritization.
    Expertise in Git, GitFlow, and GitOps for version control.
    Experience with automation tools like GitHub Actions and proficiency in Python scripting.
    Experience managing and supporting EKS workloads in AWS.
    Strong understanding of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) with Terraform.
    Working knowledge of ServiceNow for IT service management.
    Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills.
     

Additional skills:

    Experience with CI/CD tools (e.g., Jenkins, CircleCI).
    Experience with container orchestration tools (e.g., Docker Swarm).
    Experience with cloud cost optimization strategies.

 

Preferred education and certification:

    Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
    AWS certified DevOps Engineer Professional or AWS certified Developer Associate

 

The salary range for this position takes into consideration a variety of factors, including but not limited to skill sets, level of experience, applicable office location, training, licensure and certifications, and other business and organizational needs. The new hire salary range displays the minimum and maximum salary targets for this position across all US locations, and the range has not been adjusted for any specific state differentials. It is not typical for a candidate to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role, and compensation decisions are dependent on the unique facts and circumstances regarding each candidate. A reasonable estimate of the current salary range for this position is $64,974 to $149,880. Please note that the salary range posted reflects the base salary only and does not include benefits or any potential equity or variable bonus programs. Information regarding the benefits available for this position are in our benefits overview.

WHO WE ARE

Perficient is a leading global digital consultancy. We imagine, create, engineer, and run digital transformation solutions that help our clients exceed customers’ expectations, outpace competition, and grow their business. With unparalleled strategy, creative, and technology capabilities, our colleagues bring big thinking and innovative ideas, along with a practical approach to help our clients – the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands succeed.

WHAT WE BELIEVE

At Perficient, we promise to challenge, champion, and celebrate our people. You will experience a unique and collaborative culture that values every voice. Join our team, and you’ll become part of something truly special.

We believe in developing a workforce that is as diverse and inclusive as the clients we work with. We’re committed to actively listening, learning, and acting to further advance our organization, our communities, and our future leaders… and we’re not done yet.

Perficient, Inc. proudly provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Perficient, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Perficient, Inc. expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or covered veterans. Improper interference with the ability of Perficient, Inc. employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.

Applications will be accepted until the position is filled or the posting removed.
We are a company on a mission to breathe life back into the buyer’s journey and help people fall back in love with the brands that make them thrive.​

 

Company culture:

At PriceSpider, we help brands from around the world make the shopping experience more human. And what is more human than shopping for our necessities and luxuries. The beauty of commerce is opening ourselves up to something new. 

At PriceSpider we’re always looking for the best talent, to serve the best brands on the planet, no matter where you hail from, what background you have, or how you identify, you have a home at PriceSpider. No extra legs needed...talent required. 

When you choose to work at PriceSpider — just like the brands, retailers, and shoppers we serve — we all stand together as one. 350 employees working from four countries serving brands across the globe toward one inclusive goal.

 

Job description:

The DevOps team is responsible for our multi-cloud infrastructure running on AWS, GCP and Azure encompassing the following tech stack: Github, Github Actions, Kubernetes/EKS/GKE, Serverless, BigQuery/Looker, Data Lake, Data Pipeline, IaC and Cloud Security. Under the guidance of the Lead DevOps Engineer, the DevOps Engineer II is expected to contribute to the effort in our DevOps and Cloud transformation journey supporting the CICD pipeline, observability toolchains, security governance, cloud cost governance, container orchestration and automation. 

 

What will you be doing:

    Cloud Administration (AWS and GCP) 
    CICD automation and management (experience with at least one: Github, Gitlab, Jenkin) 
    Collaborate with teams across the organization to ensure DevOps best practices are leveraged as we roll out new features and expand our platform offerings. 
    You will promote, document, and implement infrastructure and deployment best practices, building and utilizing tools that allow the team to develop and deploy software for our clients to use. 
    Identify and implement automation for repetitive tasks and requests. 
    Work with global teams of engineers, providing them with the right tools to increase developer velocity. 
    Perform cost review of existing cloud resources; assess opportunities for reducing costs or infrastructure footprint while keep existing SLA 
    Drive initiatives for upgrading and scaling our systems to enhance capacity, feature set, availability, reliability, and performance. 
    Provide operational support for all environments, including participating in a rotating 24/7 On-Call schedule.
     

Requirements:

    3+ years of experience in a DevOps/SRE engineering role 
    2-3 years of working in cloud based infrastructure such as AWS, GCP, Azure. AWS is a must. 
    1-2 years of hands-on experience with Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub, Ansible, Terraform, Cloud formation 
    1-2 years of hands-on experience with observability tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, etc in complex cloud based environments. 
    In depth knowledge of Linux: RedHat, CentOS, Debian, etc. 
    Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills 
    Solid experienced with 1 or more scripting languages (Bash, Python, and/or Golang) 
    Experience with: IaC (ie. Terraform), Docker, Kubernetes/EKS, Secrets Management, Git (ie: Gitlab, Github, Github Actions), and all things AWS and GCP 
    Ability to learn fast and be adaptable to environments and change. 
    Excellent oral and written communications skills and be diplomatic across all teams 
    Must be capable of self-managing. Prioritization and time management are an absolute 
    must. 
    Comfortable in a high speed, rapidly growing startup environment 

Preferred Requirements: 

    ELK 
    EKS/GKE 
    Familiar with AWS technology including EC2, EBS, Elastic Search, Elastic cache, DynamoDB, SQS and S3 

 

Benefits:

PriceSpider encourages a healthy work-life balance and commitment to employee wellbeing. We are consistently evaluating areas to support and foster a community of engaged employees. PriceSpider is an international employer so some benefits offering will vary from country to country, however, below you can see employer sponsored contributions:

    Flexible work-from-home arrangements
    401K Match
    Flexible vacation
    Medical/Dental/Vision
    16 weeks of paid parental leave (US)
    Technical stipend
    Professional development programs
    Wellness programs

Compensation:

The base salary for this role is $120,000-150,000. Please note that our salary ranges are based on current market data and the offered compensation may vary based on experience, skills, location, and other factors permitted by law.
About the Role:

Our product team is made up of people with many different backgrounds ranging from client services, sales, marketing and several industries in-between. They have leveraged their strengths from previous disciplines and have one thing in common: they are strong leaders who keep our clients at the center of everything they do to ensure teams deliver high quality products. The current team landscape consists of roles varying from Jr. Product Analyst to Sr. Product Analyst and Product Quality Lead to Associate of Product Delivery. We value growth and forward movement that aligns with an individual's strengths and honing in on how they can most effectively impact our projects.
Who You Are

    Clients love working with you
    You’re tech savvy
    You have managed client projects, including driving successful delivery and meeting deadlines
    You possess strong communication, presentation, and leadership skills
    You pick up on small details that other people miss
    You enjoy working amongst a collaborative and supportive team

Requirements:

    Bachelor’s degree from a reputed university
    3+ years post-baccalaureate work experience in product management or project management with a Fortune 500 calibre organization
    High proficiency in project management tools (eg. Jira, ZenHub) and methodologies (eg. Scrum, Agile)
    Strong track record of work-based success with tangible achievements attributable to you
    Confidence in regularly communicating complex ideas both verbally and in writing
    Candidates must be located within the United States or Canada, this is a full-time position (W2 US/T4 Canada). Must be willing to travel on an occasional basis as needed
    This role is 100% remote, you must have a professional office set-up at your working location
    Must be able to pass a background check

Responsibilities:

    Work with clients to understand their users and advocate for their needs
    Document requirements provided by the client as user stories and acceptance criteria in a scrum backlog
    Assist development teams in removing blockers and getting questions answered
    Consult on UI/UX design and usability
    Facilitate communication between Frontend and Backend development teams, DevOps Engineers, UI/UX Designers and clients

Straight from the Devs

Watch short snippets of actual developers (Real, not scripted) share why they joined. YouTube Playlist
Why Lumenalta is an amazing place to work at

At Lumenalta, you can expect that you will:

    Be 100% dedicated to one project at a time so that you can innovate and grow.
    Be a part of a team of talented and friendly senior-level developers.
    Work on projects that allow you to use leading tech.

The result? We produce meaningful outcomes for our clients that break barriers in their industries.
About Us

At Pagos, we’re passionate about empowering businesses to take control of their payments stack and solve the puzzles standing between them and optimized growth. Our global platform provides developers, product teams, and payments leaders with both a deeper understanding of their payments data and access to new payments technology through user-friendly tools that are easy to implement. To succeed in this, we need creative thinkers who are willing to roll up their sleeves and start building alongside us.

About the Role

As a DevOps Engineer, you’ll bridge the gap between operations and development, and ensure the seamless integration of new projects and tools. You’ll drive the scaling and efficiency of our data infrastructure to support our growth. Doing so will require collaboration with backend engineers, data analysts, and others; it will be your responsibility to ensure these teams can work efficiently and have the proper infrastructure necessary to deliver products to our customers today and in the future. Growing fast is all great, but it also means our systems need to support constantly increasing load and volume.

We’re seeking an action-oriented and collaborative problem solver who thrives in ambiguity and can take on new challenges with optimism in a fast-moving environment. We value team members who are not only skilled in their area of expertise but are also perpetual learners who are committed to growth and contributing to our collective success.

In this role, you will:

    Maintain and improve our infrastructure for scale, availability, and performance

    Ensure we are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats, and also stay compliant with industry requirements

    Serve as a key resource to our engineers and analysts for projects, including building and implementing necessary infrastructure

    Help ensure our software engineers, machine learning engineers, and analysts can work efficiently and improve the development and release processes

    Test and examine systems written by others and analyzing results

    Play a key role in integrating and setting up connections with data providers and internal teams

    Drive projects from start to finish with a high level of ownership and autonomy

What We’re Looking For

We’re looking for someone with:

    5+ years of devops experience working with infrastructures for big data workloads

    Deep understanding of AWS product offering and services

    Experience with Kubernetes, Docker, orchestration tools, ETL/ELT frameworks, and common data transfer protocols

    Experience maintaining and setting up big data pipelines for time series data

    Proficiency with Terraform, Git, and GitHub workflows

    Working knowledge of databases and SQL (e.g. Redshift, Delta Lake, Postgres, ElasticSearch, and Redis)

    A bias for action and a problem-solving attitude

Nice to haves: 

    Experience supporting the training and management of machine learning models 

    Comfort and/or past experience working with Airflow, DBT, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Redshift, Grafana

    Experience working in high-growth, venture-backed startup(s)

    Experience setting up and maintaining Pagerduty, ensuring operation uptime
About Us

At Pagos, we’re passionate about empowering businesses to take control of their payments stack and solve the puzzles standing between them and optimized growth. Our global platform provides developers, product teams, and payments leaders with both a deeper understanding of their payments data and access to new payments technology through user-friendly tools that are easy to implement. To succeed in this, we need creative thinkers who are willing to roll up their sleeves and start building alongside us.

About the Role

As a DevOps Engineer, you’ll bridge the gap between operations and development, and ensure the seamless integration of new projects and tools. You’ll drive the scaling and efficiency of our data infrastructure to support our growth. Doing so will require collaboration with backend engineers, data analysts, and others; it will be your responsibility to ensure these teams can work efficiently and have the proper infrastructure necessary to deliver products to our customers today and in the future. Growing fast is all great, but it also means our systems need to support constantly increasing load and volume.

We’re seeking an action-oriented and collaborative problem solver who thrives in ambiguity and can take on new challenges with optimism in a fast-moving environment. We value team members who are not only skilled in their area of expertise but are also perpetual learners who are committed to growth and contributing to our collective success.

In this role, you will:

    Maintain and improve our infrastructure for scale, availability, and performance

    Ensure we are safe and secure against cybersecurity threats, and also stay compliant with industry requirements

    Serve as a key resource to our engineers and analysts for projects, including building and implementing necessary infrastructure

    Help ensure our software engineers, machine learning engineers, and analysts can work efficiently and improve the development and release processes

    Test and examine systems written by others and analyzing results

    Play a key role in integrating and setting up connections with data providers and internal teams

    Drive projects from start to finish with a high level of ownership and autonomy

What We’re Looking For

We’re looking for someone with:

    5+ years of devops experience working with infrastructures for big data workloads

    Deep understanding of AWS product offering and services

    Experience with Kubernetes, Docker, orchestration tools, ETL/ELT frameworks, and common data transfer protocols

    Experience maintaining and setting up big data pipelines for time series data

    Proficiency with Terraform, Git, and GitHub workflows

    Working knowledge of databases and SQL (e.g. Redshift, Delta Lake, Postgres, ElasticSearch, and Redis)

    A bias for action and a problem-solving attitude

Nice to haves: 

    Experience supporting the training and management of machine learning models 

    Comfort and/or past experience working with Airflow, DBT, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Redshift, Grafana

    Experience working in high-growth, venture-backed startup(s)

    Experience setting up and maintaining Pagerduty, ensuring operation uptime
Job Duties -

New project, Payment - large project. dedicated Oraclecloud , OpenShift , kubernetes migrating to OCI infrastructure later on.
As a Senior DevOps Engineer with cloud infrastructure experience, your primary responsibility will be designing, implementing, and maintaining robust DevOps pipelines using Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). This will include optimizing deployment processes, ensuring system reliability, and collaborating with development and operations teams. Strong skills in automation, CI/CD, infrastructure as code (IaC), and OCI services like Compute, Networking, and Identity are essential. Additionally, you will be tasked with continuous improvement initiatives, monitoring, and troubleshooting to enhance overall system performance and resilience.
The mission is to support the project team by providing infrastructure, resources, and tools that allows the team to automate, develop, self-service and experiment. The Sr DevOps Engineer will also help drive continuous improvement in our software development life cycle by improving our release processes, enhancing our tooling, and driving automation.
Work with the team.Standing up and scripting of the environments, strong in Docker and Kubernetes. Strong pipelines and deployment. OCI skill - Terraform. Work across cross functional teams. Self starter, independent, solve problems. Enterprise guideline and show work arounds and demonstrate proven experience.
Support Engineering and Platform automation efforts with development and scripting skills.
Automate operational processes using scripting languages.
Develop, implement, and continually improve system and network monitoring and alerting capabilities and procedures.
Identify and solve problems related to performance, scalability, reliability, and availability.
Implement/maintain Cloud security guidelines and best practices.
Work with Oracle OCI (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure), Relational and NoSQL Databases
Maintains document and diagram workflows and environments and communicates changes both verbally and in writing.
Works with project teams to employ best practices in source control, continuous integration and delivery.

﻿

Job Requirements -

Bachelor's Degree (or higher) in computer science, management information science or equivalent.
7+ years of experience within Openshift and Java-Spring Boot both.
5 years of experience with container-based platforms. (Docker, Kubernetes-Devops)
Experience in working in policies for healthcare industry would be preferred
Experience working with Java language is a must.(Spring Boot framework)
Experienced with OpenShift application scaling, OpenShift administration, deployments, RBAC, networking and OpenShift handling Docker and Kubernetes.
Extensive experience working as DevOps Engineer which includes expertise in collaboration, communication, and automation across development, operations, and security teams.
Proficient and well versed with Kubernetes concepts like pods, deployments, services, and namespaces. Highly skilled in CI/CD automating the software lifecycle using multiple platforms like Jenkins.
Altogether ensuring Efficiency, High Scalability and Reliability, Reduced costs and faster release cycles
Enterprise guideline and show work arounds and demonstrate proven experience.
A working understanding of CI /CD tools and pipelines.
Experience working in an Agile, fast paced, DevOps, Development environment.
Basic Linux skills and windows administration skills.
A working understanding of networking, DNS, load balancing and firewalls
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to communicate technical issues to nontechnical and technical audiences.
More About the Role & Team

The ideal candidate should have strong technical skills, hands-on experience with DevOps tools and technologies, and a passion for automation and continuous improvement. 

What skills and experience do I need to succeed?

    You will need to have proven experience delivering commercial software applications.

    You will need hands-on experience with DevOps tools and technologies such as Jenkins, Octopus, Docker, Kubernetes, and Git. Experience with cloud-based infrastructure and services, preferably Azure is essential.

About the job requirements:

    DevOps Engineering

    Web development (HTML, CSS, Angular)

    Software Engineering

    Content Management Systems

    Databases and Structured Data

    Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities

Benefits

    401(k) matching

    Flexible spending account

    Flextime

    Health insurance

    Health savings account

    Paid time off

    Relocation assistance

    Tuition reimbursement
About the Role

We are looking for a qualified and high-energy Senior DevOps engineer to be the one to set the framework for the engineering ops to scale. Production reliability and developer productivity are our guiding principles, and are the key areas which you will help monitor, operate, and improve/optimize. The ideal candidate with passion for automation, and a desire to contribute to a cutting-edge DevOps environment will play a crucial role in enhancing our development and operational processes, ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of software solutions

What You’ll Do

    Build new automated frameworks to improve Houzz’s CI/CD pipelines, testing, and observability capabilities,

    Create and enhance tooling to improve developers' productivity in local and nonproduction environments.

    Automate routine tasks and improve operational efficiency

    Improve existing processes and frameworks as part of a rapid delivery cycle

    Collaborate closely with multiple engineering teams across both infrastructure and product engineering to increase our availability and uptime.

    Production oncall support, identifying and resolving issues in an agile environment.

At a Minimum, We’d Like You to Have

    5+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer

    2+ years of experience with AWS Cloud in a DevOps capacity

    Strong programming/scripting skills (Ex. Python, bash)

    Highly proficient with modern Unix/Linux operating systems/distributions

    Deep experience with modern CI/CD pipelines, preferably in a microservices environment

    Experience working in containerized environments from end to end. 

    Excellent communication, interpersonal, team player, and problem-solving skills

Ideally, You’ll Also Have

    Knowledge of one or more mainstream programming languages (Python, PHP,  Java, Nodejs, Shell)

    Hand on experience with Jenkins or similar tools

    BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience

    AWS DevOps certification (or others)

Compensation, Benefits and Perks
 

This role has an annual starting salary range of $150,000 - $180,000. In addition to salary, you’re eligible for competitive benefits that support you and your family as part of your total rewards package at Houzz. Also, depending on the role, you could be eligible for an equity award. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors, including, but not limited to, skills, experience, and specific work location. 

Benefits and perks include:

    Flexible Paid Time Off (PTO)

    Home internet stipend

    Medical, dental, and vision benefits

    Maternity/paternity leave program

    Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

    Professional Development Reimbursement Program

    401(k) retirement savings plans (Pre-Tax and Roth)

    Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) - Medical & Dependent Care

    Health Savings Account (HSA) with company contribution 

    Healthy at Houzz program

Houzz is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. When applying for a role at Houzz, we guarantee your application will be considered regardless of your sex; race; color; gender; national origin; height or weight; ancestry; physical or mental disability; medical condition; genetic information; marital status; registered domestic partner status; age; sexual orientation; military and veteran status; or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law or ordinance or regulation.

We embrace and celebrate the value that diversity brings to an organization. Diverse backgrounds and different points of view help Houzz provide the best experience for our community. Houzz is committed to fostering an inclusive environment through projects and initiatives, such as employee resource groups, that support Houzzers’ efforts to be themselves and share their lives at work.

If you would like assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please email us at accommodations@houzz.com. This information will be treated as confidential and used only for determining an appropriate accommodation for the interview process.


 

Houzz is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans

__________________

Be Who You Are and Do What You Love at Houzz 

About Houzz

When founders Adi and Alon remodeled their home, they were frustrated by the lack of resources and inspiration to help them articulate a vision and select the right pro to make it a reality. 

So they built Houzz. 

Houzz is now the leading platform for home remodeling and design, providing an all-in-one software solution for industry professionals and tools for homeowners to update their homes from start to finish. Using Houzz, people can find ideas and inspiration, hire professionals, and shop for products. Houzz Pro (houzz.com/pro) provides home industry professionals with a business management and marketing SaaS solution that helps them to win projects, collaborate with clients and teams, and run their business efficiently and profitably. 

Our Mission and Core Values

We're proud to say there's no one quite like us. Houzz is a community-centric, innovative tech company that continues to disrupt the home renovation and design industry. Our mission-driven culture is rooted in our core values, and we’re all here for one purpose: make the home remodeling and design process more fun and productive for everyone. 

Our Mission

To create the best experience for home renovation and design.

Our Core Values

We’re a Community

We put our community of Houzzers, industry professionals and homeowners first. We approach our work with care, humility and respect. We deliver value to our community through our products and services.

We Build the Future
We are visionaries who challenge the status quo. We are creative, innovative and curious. We embrace change and different ideas to drive our industry forward. 

We Make Things Happen
We are solution-seekers and self-starters. We listen, move fast and empower our teams to deliver extraordinary results and products. We play to win.

 

By applying for a job with us, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.

*Roles listing ‘Remote - US’ as a location are not currently available in the following states: Alaska, Hawaii, Louisiana and Montana.
Description

Cerifi is seeking an experienced DevOps engineer to help us build and maintain a completely new AWS environment. We are migrating out of an on-prem datacenter and need to be able to design and build cloud-native infrastructure that can provide feature and performance parity with our existing infrastructure. This is a long-term role that will be involved in design and implementation as well as long-term monitoring and support. This is a fully remote position that has significant opportunities for growth and career advancement for the right candidate. 


Key Responsibilities 

    Build new AWS environments using IAC 
    Iterate on existing AWS environments to add functionality or address performance problems. 
    Monitor infrastructure to ensure problems are discovered by monitoring tools rather than by customers. 
    Respond to alerts in a timely manner. 


Qualifications and Education Requirements: 

    AWS: 5+ years 
    Monitoring: Grafana / Prometheus 
    OS: Primarily Linux, some windows 
    CI/CD: Jenkins || AWS CodePipeline 
    IAC: CDK (Python) and Ansible 
    GIT Flow: branching, merging, tagging, PRs 
    On-Call Rotation 
    Ability to investigate problems until a root cause can be identified.

ABOUT CERIFI: Formed in 2017, CeriFi is your ally for financial and legal learning, here to guide you as you invest in tools and technologies to help your team grow. Through our curated portfolio of leading brands, we provide licensing, certification, and continuing education services amplified by insightful, best-in-class content. Our goal is to empower organizational success with a robust learning ecosystem backed by personalized customer support and an easy-to-use toolset.

Powered by unparalleled content, extensive support, and innovative tools, our programs consistently boost pass rates for top financial institutions, colleges, and universities. And students appreciate our learning platforms for their inclusivity, accessibility, and ease of use.
Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether that’s meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond. 

Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over $370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached $2.5 billion.

Helping develop practices and processes that help Spring Health speed up and automate aspects of developing, testing, releasing and updating software will enable the engineering team to grow and support primary business functions. This role will be a leader in the development operations pod.

What you’ll be doing:

    Develop CI/CD pipelines across many architectures in order to assist releasing and ensuring code quality.
    Working closely with developers to improve process workflows
    Work closely with SecOps to maintain guardrails that limit risks and ensure secure solutions
    Ensure our current environments are set up in accordance with best practices
    Create and improve automation for building new environments 
    Work with the compliance team to implement best practices for storing PHI in a safe and consistent manner

What success looks like in this role: 

    Contribute to team oncall 
    Contribute to team design documents
    Deliver on projects for infrastructure automation 
    Deliver projects to improve developer experience and increase developer productivity 


What we expect from you:

    Have worked on previous devops teams or worked in the capacity of devops engineer
    Have worked with infrastructure as code technologies (terraform, cloudformation)
    Have some major cloud provider experience (AWS, GCP, or Azure)
    Experience in scripting languages (bash, python, or ruby preferred) 
    You've produced technical documentation about upcoming changes, rationale, and process for migration
    Work on tooling around CI/CD infrastructure 
    Focus on operational consistency and best practices when deploying new infrastructure or re-architecting existing services

The target salary range for this position is $100,000- $123,600, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.

Don’t meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!

Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values

Hypergrowth meets impact

What to expect working here:

    You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact
    This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact
    You will be empowered to set your own boundaries and asked to adapt them in critical moments when the company needs you
    You will create processes & products that have never existed before
    You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the most thriving team member and performer you can be
    Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as the company grows

And…

    You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field  
    You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace
    You will experience transparency, integrity, &  humility from leadership 
    You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo
    You get the space to experiment & innovate
    You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly
    You will become more resourceful and resilient
    You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future

Benefits provided by Spring Health:

Your Total Health:

    Health, Dental, Vision benefits start on your first day at Spring Health. You and your dependents also receive an individual One Medical account which is valued at $199/year per user. HSA and FSA plans available
    A yearly allotment of no cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists, coaches, and medication management providers for you and your dependents
    10 allocated sick days per year
    Flexible paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays throughout the year
    Access to Gympass, an on-demand virtual benefit that provides wellbeing coaching, and budget management.
    Spring Renewal: When you hit your four-year Springaversary, you’ll be awarded a four week, fully paid, sabbatical leave to renew and recharge. 

You And Your family:

    4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave
    Spring Health provides team members and their families with sponsored access to Bright Horizons® child care, back-up care, and elder care.
    Access to fertility care support through Carrot, in addition to $4,000 reimbursement for related fertility expenses

Supporting you financially through:

    Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
    On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting as we celebrate your first year with the company!
    Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2% after 90 days of employment

Creating a culture you can thrive in:

    Flexible work arrangements: 66% of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 33% work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices
    Focus Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
    Focus Weeks: In Spring 2023, we held our first ever Focus Week, we canceled all non-essential meetings, minimized distractions, and you, our team members, to dive into the key work that gets chopped up or deprioritized during the regular day-to-day. We saw a 36% jump in the average energized score after those five days of flow state work and are finalizing a plan for quarterly Focus Weeks for team members.
    Up to $1,000 Professional Development Reimbursement per calendar year.
    $200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes
Responsibilities for the DevOps Engineer include:

• Provides and implements automation leveraging Terraform, Terragrunt etc 

• Maintain and configure CI/CD plans, develop installation tools, configure and automate the deployment of new environments

• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve and create processes related to dev ops

• Lead, drive, and implement highly scalable and complex solutions in secure environment


Qualifications for the DevOps Engineer include:

• US Citizen

• 3+ years of professional Systems/DevOps Engineering experience

• Very strong Terraform and Terragrunt experience

• Ansible and Jenkins experience

• Must have some network knowledge

• Strong AWS skills



Compensation for the DevOps Engineer includes:

• Salary Range: $100,000 - $130,000 based on experience. Plus full benefits package

• No sponsorship or C2C arrangements
Job description:

The DevOps team is responsible for our multi-cloud infrastructure running on AWS, GCP and Azure encompassing the following tech stack: Github, Github Actions, Kubernetes/EKS/GKE, Serverless, BigQuery/Looker, Data Lake, Data Pipeline, IaC and Cloud Security. Under the guidance of the Lead DevOps Engineer, the DevOps Engineer II is expected to contribute to the effort in our DevOps and Cloud transformation journey supporting the CICD pipeline, observability toolchains, security governance, cloud cost governance, container orchestration and automation. 

 

What will you be doing:

    Cloud Administration (AWS and GCP) 
    CICD automation and management (experience with at least one: Github, Gitlab, Jenkin) 
    Collaborate with teams across the organization to ensure DevOps best practices are leveraged as we roll out new features and expand our platform offerings. 
    You will promote, document, and implement infrastructure and deployment best practices, building and utilizing tools that allow the team to develop and deploy software for our clients to use. 
    Identify and implement automation for repetitive tasks and requests. 
    Work with global teams of engineers, providing them with the right tools to increase developer velocity. 
    Perform cost review of existing cloud resources; assess opportunities for reducing costs or infrastructure footprint while keep existing SLA 
    Drive initiatives for upgrading and scaling our systems to enhance capacity, feature set, availability, reliability, and performance. 
    Provide operational support for all environments, including participating in a rotating 24/7 On-Call schedule.
     

Requirements:

    3+ years of experience in a DevOps/SRE engineering role 
    2-3 years of working in cloud based infrastructure such as AWS, GCP, Azure. AWS is a must. 
    1-2 years of hands-on experience with Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub, Ansible, Terraform, Cloud formation 
    1-2 years of hands-on experience with observability tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, etc in complex cloud based environments. 
    In depth knowledge of Linux: RedHat, CentOS, Debian, etc. 
    Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills 
    Solid experienced with 1 or more scripting languages (Bash, Python, and/or Golang) 
    Experience with: IaC (ie. Terraform), Docker, Kubernetes/EKS, Secrets Management, Git (ie: Gitlab, Github, Github Actions), and all things AWS and GCP 
    Ability to learn fast and be adaptable to environments and change. 
    Excellent oral and written communications skills and be diplomatic across all teams 
    Must be capable of self-managing. Prioritization and time management are an absolute 
    must. 
    Comfortable in a high speed, rapidly growing startup environment 

Preferred Requirements: 

    ELK 
    EKS/GKE 
    Familiar with AWS technology including EC2, EBS, Elastic Search, Elastic cache, DynamoDB, SQS and S3 

 

Benefits:

PriceSpider encourages a healthy work-life balance and commitment to employee wellbeing. We are consistently evaluating areas to support and foster a community of engaged employees. PriceSpider is an international employer so some benefits offering will vary from country to country, however, below you can see employer sponsored contributions:

    Flexible work-from-home arrangements
    401K Match
    Flexible vacation
    Medical/Dental/Vision
    16 weeks of paid parental leave (US)
    Technical stipend
    Professional development programs
    Wellness programs

Compensation:

The base salary for this role is $120,000-150,000. Please note that our salary ranges are based on current market data and the offered compensation may vary based on experience, skills, location, and other factors permitted by law.
Minimum of 10 years of proven experience as DevOps Engineer
    Experience in working with a DevOps culture, following Agile Software Development methodologies of Scrum.
    Proven experience in source code management tools like Git and Bitbucket.
    Solid experience in CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins
    Shown ability with configuration management tools (e.g., Harness, Terraform, Ansible, Docker and Kubernetes) and repository tools like Artifactory.
    Experience in Cloud architecture & provisioning
    Working experience with programming language like Python, Shell script
    Strong experience in implementing CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps.
    Strong expertise in Migrating On-prem to Cloud environments (Azure).
    In-depth knowledge of containerization technologies like AKS, Docker, and Kubernetes.
    Familiarity with Canary deployment strategies and related tools.
    Experience with package management using Helm.
    Experience with log aggregation and visualization tools.
    Experience with observability and monitoring tools like Azure Monitor.
    Strong scripting and automation skills (e.g., PowerShell, Bash, Python).
Location

USA, Canada
Type

Full time
Department

Professional Services
Compensation

    USA$183K – $225K • 0.3% – 0.4% • Offers Bonus • $1k/month wellness budget; "at least 4 weeks" vaction policy; get a brand new MacBook Pro when you join!
    CanadaCA$189K – CA$243K • 0.3% – 0.4% • Offers Bonus • $1k/month wellness budget; "at least 4 weeks" vaction policy; get a brand new MacBook Pro when you join!

Overview
Application

About Gruntwork:

Gruntwork is on a mission to transform the way DevOps is done. Let’s face it: designing, launching, and managing infrastructure is still a terrible experience for most organizations, but it doesn’t have to be that way!

We are globally recognized both for our open source tools used by thousands of companies from startups to Fortune 500s, and our thought leadership on how DevOps should be done.

About this role:

As a Senior DevOps Solutions Engineer at Gruntwork, you'll be responsible for two core areas:

    Activating new customers:

        Translate customer problems and needs into DevOps strategies

        Leverage Gruntwork internal tooling to implement customers for use cases that we support

        Write docs and code up solutions to bridge small gaps between what the product supports and what customers need

        Teach customers how to use our products, along with general DevOps best practices

        Share insights with the product team

    Supporting existing customers:

        Engage customers in our community Slack workspace

        Directly respond to customers for tier 1 support

        Delegate to SMEs within Gruntwork for questions that require special expertise

        Periodically meet with customers to unblock them

        Streamline the support process by building automations and reporting

        Share even more insights with the product team

About the team:

We're a close-knit team, and you'll engage with nearly all of us. You'll work closely with our sales team to receive customer handoffs, with our engineers and SMEs to understand deep technical questions, and with our product and marketing teams to collaborate on customer needs.

About you:

We’re looking for a Grunt who:

    Has extensive AWS foundations experience. You have worked for years with AWS, have deep familiarity with AWS networking (VPC), foundational best practices (Organizations, SCPs, Landing Zone), and security best practices.

    Has extensive Terraform experience. You have directly authored plenty of Terraform modules, you've operated Terraform in prod and can speak from your years of experience, and you're excited to use OpenTofu.

    Has a passion for DevOps best practices. You're passionate about the best way to run modern cloud infrastructure in a secure, convenient, and enjoyable way.

    Loves to write docs. You enjoy writing. When you solve a problem for a customer, you're eager to memorialize your solution as new docs for others to benefit from.

    Loves to code up a quick fix. When a tool you're using doesn't do what you need you update the Tofu code or write a quick Bash or Python script to get yourself on your way.

    Loves making customers happy. You're a people person and like making customers happy. You're eager to leverage your talents to meet their needs.

    Loves to learn. You're excited abut learning new things, and looking to be at the forefront of AWS, OpenTofu, and DevOps best practices.

    Cares about your fellow humans. You look to make personal connections with the people you work with, and you want to work for a company whose mission and people you believe in.

About the company:

    No investors, no debt. We control our own destiny and are focused on building a company that customers love.

    100% remote. We've been 100% remote from day 1, however we're all in USA time zones and regularly collaborate together.

    In-person meetups every few months. We meet in person every ~4 months in a beautiful location to foster close relationships among our team.

    Transparent financials. We share our full financials every month with every member of the company.

    Systematically above-market salary. We compute all salaries using a formula designed to systematically pay above market, wherever you live.

    Above-market equity. We offer above-market equity grants, and we’ve even put in place a “progressive equity” plan where if there is a large exit event, employees end up with a progressively larger portion of the proceeds than their pro-rata equity holdings.

    Profit-sharing bonus. We set aside a pot of money at the end of each year based on profits and distribute bonuses according to a formula that uses as inputs your level within the company and the length of your tenure at the company.

    Hardware budget. We'll buy you a brand new state-of-the-art 16" Apple MacBook Pro (or other computer of your choosing of equivalent value) upon joining. It will be owned by you, not the company.

    Personal Budget. We'll give you a personal budget of $1,000 USD per month (yes, per month) to spend on your workspace (e.g., a co-working space), health (e.g., gym, yoga), time (e.g., babysitter), and/or learning (e.g., books, courses).

    Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance. We offer a range of high-quality plans with a large portion paid by the company. For countries other than the US, this includes extra coverage on top of your statutory insurance.

    Pension/401(k) contributions. We contribute 3% of your salary to your pension or 401(k).

About your time zone:

One of our values is that work-life balance leads to both better work and a better life, so we require that all our team members live in a time zone between Los Angeles and New York, inclusive. You can be located anywhere in the western hemisphere, though most of our team is in the USA and Canada.

Our interview process:

After you apply for this role, here's the process we'll go through to evaluate a mutual fit:

    Phone screen. We'll do a quick phone screen to assess a general fit.

    Technical interview. We'll talk shop with you to see if we're on the same page about the technical requirements for the role.

    Values fit interview. We'll try to get a feel for how well we think you'll work with both customers and our team.

    Paid trial project. We'll pay you for the opportunity to work together for 1 day.

    Reference checks. We'll ask your prior colleagues about where you thrive most.

    Offer! We're very pleased to be working together!
HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company advancing the diagnosis and management of coronary artery disease, the #1 cause of death worldwide, using cutting-edge technology. The flagship product—an AI-driven, non-invasive cardiac test supported by the ACC/AHA Chest Pain Guidelines called the HeartFlow FFRCT Analysis—provides a color-coded, 3D model of a patient’s coronary arteries indicating the impact blockages have on blood flow to the heart. HeartFlow is the first AI-driven non-invasive integrated heart care solution across the CCTA pathway that helps clinicians identify stenoses in the coronary arteries (RoadMap™Analysis), assess coronary blood flow (FFRCT Analysis), and characterize and quantify coronary atherosclerosis (Plaque Analysis). Our pipeline of products is growing and so is our team; join us in helping to revolutionize precision heartcare.

HeartFlow is a VC-backed, pre-IPO company that has received international recognition for exceptional strides in healthcare innovation, is supported by medical societies around the world, cleared for use in the US, UK, Europe, Japan and Canada, and has been used for more than 250,000 patients worldwide.  

HeartFlow is a Software as a Service (SaaS) medical device company.  We use cutting-edge technology (deep learning, computational fluid dynamics, cloud-based computing) combined with advanced clinical expertise to revolutionize the treatment of coronary artery disease. #LI-Remote; #LI-IB1

A DevOps engineer is a technical leader that brings advanced experience in software development. You will work alongside our exceptional engineering team to deliver the future generations of our technology:

    Cloud-based algorithmic pipelines for image and geometry processing (C++, Python, AWS)
    Tooling for Machine Learning: data management, model training, validation and deployment (C++, Python/Pytorch, AWS)

You will help us unlock the full potential of our domain expertise, leveraging unrivaled amounts of data to tackle unique medical and computing challenges.

Job Responsibilities:

    Create infrastructure in AWS that supports our globally deployed applications
    Build robust cloud management services for monitoring, logging, security scanning, and alerting
    Monitor system performance, application health, and infrastructure metrics 
    Implement proactive measures to optimize performance and availability
    Continuously improve (simplify, automate, document) our deployment process
    Apply security best practices at the cloud, operating system, and application level
    Follow HIPAA compliance guidelines and policies
    Contribute to a culture of learning, collaboration, and continuous improvement within the team

Skills Required:

    Proficient in AWS Tooling, such as EC2, RDS, S3, IAM, and Networking services
    Knowledgeable about best practices in AWS, Chef, Docker, and Jenkins
    Strong Linux skills 
    Working understanding of Python, Git, SQL, and Terraform
    Excellent communication and collaboration skills

Highly Preferred Skills:

    Experience with logging and monitoring tooling, such as CloudWatch and/or Datadog
    Understanding of AWS Serverless Technologies like Step Functions, Lambda and Fargate
    Knowledgeable about Artifact management using Artifactory 

Educational Requirements & Work Experience: 

    BS in computer science or technical field preferred
    2+ years relevant work experience

The pay range for this role takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to experience and training; skill sets; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs. A reasonable estimate of the base salary compensation range is $102,000 to $142,400 (for all locations outside San Francisco Bay Area) and $115,000 to $160,000 (for San Francisco Bay Area). 
HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to every aspect of employment at HeartFlow, including recruitment, hiring, training, relocation, promotion, and termination.
Do you have experience in IT security and a strong background in DevOps/development, Writing Ansible Playbooks, and Terraform scripts? Do you have experience with the Elastic Stack?

 

Valiant Solutions is seeking a DevSecOps Engineer to join our rapidly growing and innovative cybersecurity team!  This DevSecOps team is responsible for developing a large variety of security and infrastructure solutions in the cloud and in on-premise data centers.  We are seeking a motivated individual as this team is constantly evolving and is currently evolving cloud security solutions in AWS.  To be successful in this role you’ll be passionate about what you do and will be able to work autonomously to engineer your way out of problems.

 

This is your opportunity to join a busy Security Engineering team delivering cutting-edge solutions to a fantastic Government client.  A solid foundation with Linux/UNIX operating systems and scripting experience is key for this challenging and rewarding role.  You will join a team supporting a large and mature Elastic Stack implementation, based on security analytics and compliance use case. Our client’s solution recently won an Elastic award for innovation, and we’re looking to expand the team to continue on this successful trajectory. In addition to supporting the Elastic platform, you will support numerous security orchestration efforts to interconnect tools and to automate security processes. Your role will involve the development of log parsers, custom Kibana visualizations and dashboards, custom alerting, and documentation. It’s a great opportunity to forge log engineering with data analytics.

 

Valiant Solutions is a company that cares about its employees- we've been named one of the Best Places to Work in the Washington DC area TEN years in a row!  If you are interested in learning more about Valiant and this opportunity, we invite you to apply now! 

 

The successful candidate will have proven experience in automating manual IT infrastructure and security processes and will have a proven track record of learning new technologies.

 

This position allows for 100% remote work. Remote work necessitates a high-level trust in our employees and we strictly adhere to the details found below in our Remote Work Policy. 

 

Must-Have Experience: 

    5+ years of IT experience 
    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, or other related scientific or technical field, or at least 8 years of IT experience and no degree requirement
    6+ years of development experience.  This experience must include full-time development on Linux/UNIX platforms and will involve the use of bash scripting, Python, or Ruby. 
    3+ years of Ansible and Terraform experience.  The successful candidate will have proven experience developing Ansible Playbooks and Roles and will have written Terraform code to implement configuration within the AWS cloud service provider layer and within operating systems.
    4+ years of AWS experience.  The successful candidate will have experience working with Amazon Web Services, either deploying or accessing AWS services and applications that run in AWS. This experience must have included significant AWS API automation. 
    2+ years of Jenkins (or similar CI/CD) experience:  Advanced-level Jenkins experience (building/maintaining pipelines).  Solid understanding of CI/CD processes, with proven experience building and automating jobs.
    2+ years of Ruby Development experience. The successful candidate will have experience scripting Ruby to integrate with operating systems and various tool APIs

 

Strongly Preferred Experience:

    Security Engineering:  Broad mix of security expertise in areas such as: SIEM integration, and implementation of technology mechanisms to protect the Confidentiality, Availability, and Integrity of information systems.
    Strong experience with systems administration:  The successful candidate must have experience with Windows and Linux/UNIX server operating systems.  You will understand permissions in both OS types and be familiar with authentication mechanisms. 
    Networking engineering experience (Routing & Switching): The successful candidate will be experienced with static routing, EIGRP, and OSPF routing protocols and must be experienced with TCP/IP and IP subnetting.  The successful candidate will be experienced working in a mid to large environment and will be able to work with minimal direction.
    Experience with source code management:  The successful candidate will be very knowledgeable with Git, GitHub, and with repository management tools such as Artifactory.
    2+ years of Elastic Stack experience.  The successful candidate will have proven experience deploying and managing Elastic Stack/ELK clusters. This includes experience configuring Elasticsearch, logstash, and kibana.

 

Some Responsibilities Include:

    Provide on-call and after-hours support as required
    Writing Ansible and Terraform to expand and automate a large Elastic Stack implementation
    Scripting in Python or Ruby to automate tool integration and processes
    Automating the development of security controls, including firewall rules and policy and IPS policy
    Automating new integration with the Elastic Stack
    SOAR automation
    Developing custom enhancements to COTS tools to improve their functionality and enrich data.
    Automating server configuration for security, including logging, key changes, and system hardening
    Automate and enhance CI/CD pipelines and environments.
    Automating the implementation of security controls in Amazon Web Services (AWS) via the AWS API.
    Build out auto-provisioning and auto-scaling of security infrastructure.
    Developing security enhancements to improve the security posture of our Government clients.  Building blue team defenses to detect and block the adversary.

 

About Valiant Solutions

Valiant Solutions is a security-focused IT solutions provider with public clients nationwide. We are a HUBZone small business and we encourage all candidates who live in a HUBZone to apply. Named one of the fastest growing privately held companies by Inc. 5000, Washington Technology’s Fast 50, and Washington Business Journal’s Best Places to Work in the D.C. area, Valiant Solutions prides itself on providing its employees with great benefits and career development opportunities. As a company, we are just as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class IT solutions, all while enjoying an unparalleled work-life balance. We are in a phase of tremendous growth and building the team that will take us to the next level. We seek people whose talents and accomplishments will contribute to a thriving company, who have the character to support their capacity, and can make a positive impact on our culture. Alongside our talented team, you’ll learn to think quickly on your feet and expand your own personal and professional skill set. Our management team will inspire you to consider new perspectives and challenge you to become a better practitioner in the fast-paced industry of IT security. We hire people we respect – and we trust them to deliver results leveraging their expertise. If you would enjoy working in a dynamic environment as part of a stellar team of professionals, then we invite you to apply online today.

 

Benefits Snapshot (includes, but not limited to)

Valiant pays 99% of the Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage for Full-time Employees

Valiant contributes 25% towards Health Coverage for Family and Dependents

100% Paid Short Term Disability and Life Insurance Policy for Full-time Employees

100% Paid Certifications

401K Matching up to 4%

Wellness & Fitness Program

Paid Time Off

Paid Time On – 40 hours to pursue innovation

Valiant University – Online Education and Training Portal

Reimbursement for Public Transit and Parking

FSA programs for: Medical Costs, Dependent Care, Transit, and Parking

Referral Bonuses

 

The salary range for this position is a general guideline and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. It has been benchmarked in relation to the scope of the role, market rate, and internal equity. The salary for this role is expected to be in the $101,000 - $139,000 range. Where a candidate falls within the band can be determined based on one or more of the following: skillset, experience level, achievements, education, geographic location, security clearance, involvement in corporate tasks, and other non-discriminatory factors. In addition to the base salary, this role will include benefits as described above.  Valiant reserves the right to adjust the salary range, experience requirements, and position responsibilities at any time without prior notice. 

 

 

Remote Work Policy 

Remote work necessitates a high level of trust in our employees. To ensure that employee performance does not suffer in a remote work environment, all employees who telecommute are expected to have a quiet and distraction-free workspace with adequate internet, dedicate their full attention and availability to their job duties during working hours, and maintain a schedule during core business hours that align with those of their coworkers and Valiant's clients. In alignment with Valiant's inclusive and engaging environment, cameras are encouraged and can be required to be on during virtual video conferences. Additionally, in alignment with the Office of the Inspector General’s effort to eliminate conflicting employment, all Valiant employees are required to disclose any current or future outside employment engagements. During onboarding and throughout employment, employees must disclose any current activities or intent to engage in outside employment or other professional activities and obtain written approval.  Employees may not solicit or conduct any outside business during core business hours for Valiant Solutions and our clients.

 

Equal Employment Opportunity

Valiant Solutions is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, sex stereotyping, gender identity, gender expression or transgender status), religion, age, marital status, sexual orientation, military/veteran status, physical or mental disability, genetic information/history or any other personal characteristic protected by law.

 

Physical Demands

Sitting or standing at a desk for prolonged periods of time and consistent operation of a computer. Frequent communication and exchanging of accurate information via electronic communication, phones, and in person. Occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.
Veda helps patients get the care they need by untangling complex data management problems using advanced scientific approaches and in-depth collaboration. Our technology reflects what our people provide: quality without ego, honesty backed by science, and warmth in an industry not known for having much heat.

Veda is made up of talented professionals that are driven to do meaningful work to change healthcare from the inside out. We are also friends, parents, partners, and caregivers. Veda’s benefits reflect our values—we offer fully paid, low or no-deductible medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees and their families. And, our Flexible PTO policy allows employees to take the time off necessary to recharge and have flexibility to care for themselves and their families.

Veda is looking for sharp-minded do-gooders who share our values:

Collaboration Working together to identify solutions to current problems

Openness Actively listening, sharing and holding space for new ideas, perspectives and people

Integrity Doing the right thing, honestly and transparently.

Grit Displaying passion and perseverance to achieve our goals.

Ready to build the future with us?

About the Position:

We iterate quickly in a multi-account cloud architecture, with numerous data sources and models – that’s where you come in. As a Cloud Infrastructure Engineer, you will impact the design and implementation of our solutions, focusing on the application first and utilizing current AWS serverless best practices. You will be responsible for ensuring the security, reliability and performance of all our products, keeping cost in mind.

Our ideal candidate has a background delivering solutions to business problems as part of a fast paced team. You’ll work closely with our entire product engineering team to architect and implement our growing product portfolio. This is an opportunity for you to share your knowledge, grow your technical skills and add value to a highly motivated team dedicated to building the next generation of healthcare products.

About You:

    You have direct experience in the software development lifecycle, especially in build, deployment, version control, and configuration of applications using modern best practices
    You are energized by the pace of a startup and solving complex problems
    You have been an advocate for Cloud Engineering best practices in an evolving engineering organization with a passion for infrastructure and architecture design
    You are a self starter that places high value on outcome over output, aligning yourself with the common goals of the team and the business
    You are curious and in tune with new trends and technologies in the software development world
    You like to work collaboratively with developers, data scientists and UX teams to improve the performance and resiliency of the products you’re releasing
    You have working knowledge of all aspects of data modeling, service performance and security
    You have excellent verbal and written communication skills with a focus on good technical writing


Required Qualifications:

    2+ years of professional experience in design and implementation of serverless cloud solutions leveraging virtualization and/or containerization strategies and technologies (Docker, Lambda) for a scaling organization
    2+ years of professional experience with Infrastructure as Code (CDK, Cloudformation or Terraform)
    2+ years of hands on experience with DevOps technologies (GitLab, GitHub, Jenkins)
    Significant professional experience with AWS cloud architecture, including products such RDS, S3, ECS, Lambda, DynamoDB, API Gateway


Preferred Qualifications for success in this role:

    Demonstrated hands on software development projects in Python or TypeScript 
    AWS infrastructure modeling tools using CDK 
    Experience working in highly regulated industries like finance, health care or defense
    Understanding of networking and network design principles including building highly available and scalable infrastructure
    Experience working in an Agile team


Our COVID Commitment: Veda is committed to prioritizing the health, safety and emotional well being of our employees and their families. Veda has always embraced the benefit of each employee working remotely, collaboratively.

All employees are required to be located within the USA or Ireland.

We look forward to learning more about you -- apply to join the Veda team today!
Seqera exists to make complex scientific data analysis accessible at any scale. Empowering scientists with modern software engineering for data analysis

We provide software for scientists solving today's most complex and important challenges from pioneering innovative therapeutics to unveiling the secrets of our universe. The journey began a decade ago with Nextflow — open software that helps over 100,000 global scientists analyze and process data, with more power and flexibility than ever before.

Today, Seqera consolidates fragmented data and diverse computing resources into a unified platform. Our modern biotech stack is trusted by over 150 leading life sciences organizations. Empowered with modern software engineering, organizations conduct science faster, on larger datasets, and with more confidence. Seqera accelerates discoveries in an open world.

Would you like to be a part of a company with a bigger purpose and make it successful with your own ideas? If yes, keep reading!

About The Role

Are you a cloud specialist, support engineer, or solution architect with a passion for providing exceptional customer service? Are you looking to pivot into a field that's literally redefining our understanding of life as we know it through the intersection of technology and life sciences? If so, your search ends here!

Seqera stands at the forefront of the bioinformatics revolution, changing the way scientists process and interpret data at scale. As pioneers in deploying reproducible and scalable data pipelines across multiple computational infrastructures, our tools accelerate scientific discoveries, enable personalized medicine, and quite literally help to rewrite the code of life.

As a Cloud Support Engineer, you will be the technical face of Seqera to our customers, and you will have the opportunity to work with customers from the biggest names in Life Sciences to the world's most innovative Biotech startups. You'll use your technical acumen to troubleshoot complex customer issues, ensure the Seqera platform seamlessly functions across our customer's infrastructure, and to guide customers on how to most effectively utilize our products to achieve their goals.

What You'll Do

    Customer Troubleshooting & Support: Work directly with customers and with our internal teams to resolve complex customer issues involving Seqera's platform, delivering hands-on support around infrastructure, custom pipelines and third-party technology integrations. This involves participating in meetings with customers, managing support cases, and collaborating with Seqera’s Scientific Development and Engineering teams to propose solutions to customer challenges. 
    Engaging with Diverse Environments: Implement the Seqera product ecosystem across a variety of Cloud platforms and On-Prem customer environments. Leverage deep product knowledge to provide insightful solutions to customer challenges, including container orchestration, TLS certificates, DNS resolution, network routing, data backup procedures, and business process automation. 
    Feedback & Advocacy: Convey customer feedback to our Product Management and Engineering teams to help shape our technology roadmap. Advocate for customer needs and contribute to the enhancement of Seqera's solutions. 
    Documentation & Knowledge Sharing: Contribute to the creation and maintenance of company documentation and knowledge articles, fostering a shared understanding of our products within the team and among customers. Help us create a culture of continuous learning. 
    Professional Development: Expand your technical skills across multiple domains - including Seqera's platform - through internal training and independent learning. Gain exposure to advanced practices in the realms of cloud infrastructure, container orchestration, HPC, FPGAs, GPUs, and devops, while directly engaging with clients at the cutting-edge of fields such as gene sequencing, protein folding, and cancer research. 

About You

    4+ years of experience in Support Engineering and/or Cloud Platform Technical Support within an enterprise software company. 
    Expertise in implementing complex real-world solutions in public clouds, with advanced skills in at least one of the following: AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure. 
    Solid Linux/Unix administration skills with proven experience in system maintenance and problem-solving. 
    Hands-on experience with container systems and container orchestration technologies, such as Docker and Kubernetes. 
    Practical experience implementing systems in areas of networking, storage management, and authentication. 
    Demonstrated ability to analyze and solve problems in complex technical environments, with a proven track record of quickly adapting to new technologies and concepts. 
    Excellent interpersonal skills complemented by superior written and oral communication skills; strong proficiency in English is a must. 
    A creative and curious mindset with the resilience needed to thrive in a fast-moving startup environment. 

Nice to have

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field highly desired, this is a very technical role. 
    Proven experience & expertise in GCP and/or Azure are highly desired 
    Prior experience using Git
    Exposure to hybrid cloud/on-prem environments and High Performance Compute (HPC)
    Prior experience with bioinformatics or biotechnology. 

Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of colour are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Seqera, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role, and your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

What will you find working at Seqera?

    Flexible working hours and remote-friendly culture. 
    International working environment with more than 25 nationalities. 
    Passionate & talented team. 
    Continuous skills development. 
    Team retreats and bonding activities. 
    A culture where your opinion is valued and your decisions have a real impact on the industry. 
    Excitement of a fast-growing startup in a constantly changing environment. 

Great Benefits

    Time off: 20 days for vacations per year, 3 days given by Seqera in December of 2024, and the national/public holidays according to your location. 
    Equity
    Private health insurance with United Healthcare, dental with Delta, and vision coverage from Vision Service Plan. 
    Private life insurance with Lincoln
    Investment app with Vestwell (401K)
    Home office equipment (valued over 1,000 USD)
    Subscription to Oliva, Mental Health App
    Learning and development budget per year (1,000 USD)

You should know

Seqera is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. However you identify or whatever your journey to this point, we welcome all candidates to apply for the position that inspires them. Come join us and help us build a global company that everyone is proud to be part of.

As we scale, we constantly improve our in-office and WFH environments and learn to help everyone have the best setup for our company's success and your personal development while always keeping the human touch in every aspect of our lives.

At NICE, we don’t limit our challenges. We challenge our limits. Constantly. We’re relentless. We’re ambitious. And we make an impact. Our NICErs bring their A game and spend each day turning it into an A+. And if you’re like us, we can offer you the kind of challenge that will light a fire within you.

Senior DevOps Engineer

ContactEngine (A NICE Company) is comprised of talented, creative and dedicated individuals with a passion for delivering innovative solutions to the market. At ContactEngine, we recognize that every employee’s contributions are integral to our company’s growth and success. To find and acquire the best and brightest talent around the globe, we offer a challenging work environment, competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarding career opportunities. Come share, grow and learn with us – you’ll be challenged, you’ll have fun and you’ll be part of a fast-growing, highly respected organization.


We are looking for a very high-performing Senior DevOps Engineer to join our growing team of highly skilled engineers working on a variety of applications and services to support our omni-channel, interactive communication platform. The role will be based in our Sandy or Atlanta office, with some flexibility for remote working. The role will work closely with DevOps team members based in the UK and India, and form part of a follow-the-sun support escalation model for infrastructure issues.

 

Key Responsibilities

 

    Work on the technical design, development, release and deployment of cloud-based infrastructure, automation, and applications
    Working with, and supporting, the development team with application configuration for deployment, monitoring and other automation
    Provide operational management and support of Linux and Windows servers and containers, including server hardening, patching, network security and log management to deliver web application and service stacks
    Work with the DevOps Manager and Information Security team members to ensure that our infrastructure meets compliance requirements and engineering best practices
    Mentor other more junior team members when required
    Provide on-call/out-of-hours support, as part of a rota with other team members

 

Knowledge/Experience

 

Required:

    5+ years of experience working with AWS infrastructure
    5+ years of experience working with Linux and Windows servers
    3+ years experience working with Kubernetes, Helm, and the related DevOps toolchain in a production environment (not just a test environment)
    3+ years experience using Terraform or similar tools to provision infrastructure from code
    Experience with Bash shell scripting
    Ability to conduct detailed code reviews against Helm and IaC
    A Security first approach

 

Desired:

    Experience maintaining ISO 27001 compliance (or equivalent security standard)
    Familiarity working with various CI/CD solutions – for example, Azure DevOps, GitLab, GitHub actions, TeamCity, Octopus Deploy
    Experience working with and tuning Microservices at scale, with production workloads
    Experience managing relational and non-relational databases, for example, RDS MySQL, RedShift
    Familiarity with any of the following logging, monitoring and alerting tools – CloudWatch, Splunk, StatusCake, Grafana, PagerDuty
    Scripting experience with PowerShell, Ruby, Python
    Experience working with Agile software development teams

About NICE

NICE Ltd. (NASDAQ: NICE) software products are used by 25,000+ global businesses, including 85 of the Fortune 100 corporations, to deliver extraordinary customer experiences, fight financial crime and ensure public safety. Every day, NICE software manages more than 120 million customer interactions and monitors 3+ billion financial transactions.

Known as an innovation powerhouse that excels in AI, cloud and digital, NICE is consistently recognized as the market leader in its domains, with over 8,500 employees across 30+ countries.

NICE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, neurotype, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other category protected by law.
KLDiscovery, one of the largest national eDiscovery providers, is currently seeking a Senior DevOps Engineer for our OpenStack Automation team. 

The right person will:

    Be an experienced DevOps Engineer with commensurate experience in Ansible, Terraform, Linux, and virtualization. 
    Look forward to being on a team that is tasked with improving and expanding the automated operational processes surrounding our OpenStack environments.
    Be comfortable and productive working remotely.

Remote, work from home opportunity.      

Responsibilities  

    Develop Infrastructure as Code for our flagship product in OpenStack
    Deploy and manage non-production and production environments
    Support our internal customers and the business in our non-production and production environments
    Take part in a rotating support shift
    Develop automated processes and procedures for a variety of environment lifecycle stages
    Lead technical and design discussions among the team
    Be comfortable mentoring junior members
    Demonstrate, communicate, and enforce coding standards and development practices
    Engage in personal development to stay apprised with industry standards, engineering best practices, and business needs
    Push bug fixes and enhancements to our environments within defined SLAs

Qualifications

    BS in a STEM field, or equivalent experience 
    5+ years of experience in the following or a closely related field:
        Automation Engineering
        Cloud Engineering
        DevOps Engineering
        Systems Administration
    Extensive hands-on experience with:
        Linux environments
        Automation-driven infrastructure and Infrastructure as Code   
        OpenStack
        Terraform
        Ansible
        Version Control Systems, specifically Git
        Work Management Systems like Azure DevOps
        Troubleshooting complex and/or clustered systems
    Ability to learn from others and adapt
    Ability to express complex technical concepts effectively
    Great communication skills both verbally and in writing
    Knowledge of client/server and internet systems architectures
    Experience with clustering, high availability, or load balancing a plus
    Experience with Packer, Consul, and/or Nomad a plus     
    Experience with Docker or other container technologies a plus
    Ability to work in a team or with multiple organizational departments
    Ability to pass a background check upon offer 

This position does not qualify for VISA sponsorship

This position operates under International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and therefore, any person hired must demonstrate with verifiable documentation that he/she is either (i) a U.S. Citizen; (ii) ac active Green Card Holder; pr (iii) a "Protected Person" as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324(b)(a)(3). 

Why You will Love Working for KLD

At KLD we invest in employees and their families by placing their wellbeing first.  We offer competitive total compensation that includes base pay, bonus potential, inclusive benefits, wellness programs, and perks.  We use market and industry data to inform pay decisions while considering geography and labor markets, individual experience, and business needs. Individual compensation will vary, although a reasonable estimate of the current annualized base pay range for this position is $100,000 to $140,000.

    This position is 100% remote and we offer a high-performance laptop computer, options for wireless headset or external speaker, up to three 24” 2K monitors or one 43” 4K monitor, and a mobile phone for business use.  
    Generous paid time off, that offers various time off options to help employees maintain a work-life balance, such as vacation, paid sick leave, parental leave, paid jury leave and more!
    Comprehensive health, dental, vision and supplemental benefits package that includes life insurance, short- and long-term disability, to promote the health of our employees.
    Remote-friendly, flexible working culture, where you can apply to work from a number of global locations.
    A focus on continuous professional development through various training and education reimbursement programs.
    A diverse and inclusive workplace where we all learn, grow, and achieve the greatest heights…together.
    A surrounding team of mission-driven individuals who genuinely love what they do.
    Equity incentives and company bonus programs; that way, we all share in the success of KLDiscovery.
    Free, fun, interactive and incentivized global wellness program that promotes the wellbeing of our employees plus offers a wide range of perks and discounts!
    FREE Employee Assistance Program (EAP) because we all could use a little help and support every now and then.
    401(k) with employer match to help our employees achieve financial success.
    KLD supports the communities where our employees live and offers a paid community service day for employees to volunteer with what resonates with them.
    To keep our furry, 4-legged family members healthy, KLD employees can opt in for Pet Insurance.
    A friendly and welcoming team-oriented environment
    Opportunities for career advancement and growth
    Business casual dress
    Medical/Dental/Vision benefits as well as company provided Life Insurance, Short Term and Long-Term Disability
    Paid Time Off & 401k retirement savings plan with company match

Our Cultural Values

Entrepreneurs at heart, we are a customer first team sharing one goal and one vision. We seek team members who are: 

    Humble - No one is above another; we all work together to meet our clients’ needs and we acknowledge our own weaknesses
    Hungry - We all are driven internally to be successful and to continually expand our contribution and impact
    Smart - We use emotional intelligence when working with one another and with clients

Our culture shapes our actions, our products, and the relationships we forge with our customers.

Who We Are

KLDiscovery provides technology-enabled services and software to help law firms, corporations, government agencies and consumers solve complex data challenges. The company, with offices in 25 locations across 16 countries, is a global leader in delivering best-in-class eDiscovery, information governance and data recovery solutions to support the litigation, regulatory compliance, internal investigation and data recovery and management needs of our clients.

Serving clients for over 30 years, KLDiscovery offers data collection and forensic investigation, early case assessment, electronic discovery and data processing, application software and data hosting for web-based document reviews, and managed document review services. In addition, through its global Ontrack Data Recovery business, KLDiscovery delivers world-class data recovery, email extraction and restoration, data destruction and tape management. 

KLDiscovery has been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in North America by both Inc. Magazine (Inc. 5000) and Deloitte (Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500) and CEO Chris Weiler has been honored as a past Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year™. Additionally, KLDiscovery is an Orange-level Relativity Best in Service Partner, a Relativity Premium Hosting Partner and maintains ISO/IEC 27001 Certified data centers. 

KLDiscovery is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Role: Senior Azure Devops Engineer 

Location: Remote/US 

Duration: 6+ Months 

Job Description: 

    8-12 years, 3+ years supervisory experience 

    Java, Python, Golang, Terraform, Azure, Git, Containers, CICD DevOps, Web Dev (html, js, css, etc.), SQL and NoSQL
The DevOps Engineer will play a key role in maintaining and improving the customer’s Devops Team. The platform incorporates a wide variety of features in providing world-class telehealth solutions through scalable web APIs, video Infrastructure and other technologies. This role requires working closely with the members of our engineering and operations teams, building and maintaining production environments in AWS and other Cloud Solutions
    Build and maintain data platform infrastructure and data pipelines on AWS and other Cloud Solutions
    Participate in implementations, upgrades, updates, patches, enhancements, and customizations of the analytics systems in the data ecosystem
    Write scripts to automate deployments and server management
    Assess and make optimal use of cloud platforms and technologies, especially Big Query and Redshift
    Improve the performance, security and organization of data assets
    Monitor and improve the performance, efficiency, effectiveness, and orchestration of our analytics systems across the data ecosystem
    Troubleshoot/Debug production issues
    Ensure analytic systems have the necessary controls and compliance standards (such as HIPAA) regarding data access, data security, data sensitivity and data confidentiality

Requirements

    Ability to obtain the Public Trust Clearance for the government project and the legal ability to work in the United States without sponsorship
    5-8 years’ experience building and maintaining production environments in large-scale AWS/GCP enterprises
    Must have skills: AWS, Gitlab, Terraform, Kubernetes and Python
    3+ years of practical experience with the following components of AWS: VPC, Redshift, S3, IAM, RDS, Step functions, Lambda
    Proficiency in Analytics Architecture and Data Querying
    Experience with and understanding of networking concepts and Internet protocols
    Production experience developing, configuring and supporting monitoring systems, alerting and analytics
    Familiar with source control tools GIT
    Strong troubleshooting, Problem Solving, QA skills
    Demonstrated ability to work as part of an integrated team, as well as independently
    Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills conducive to team building
    Effective communication with the local and remote team members
    Preferred, not required:
        Video platforms: Twillio, WebRTC, Pexip
        Security Tools: AlertLogic, Tripwire
        Containers: Docker, ECS
        VMware virtualization products such as ESX or vSphere

Benefits

    Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance (Subsidized)
    Health Savings Account
    Flexible Spending Accounts (Healthcare, Dependent Care, Commuter)
    Short-Term and Long-Term Disability (Company Provided)
    Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Provided)
    Employee Assistance Program
    Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
    Matched 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
    Paid Time Off – the employee will be eligible to accrue 15-25 paid days, depending on specific level and tenure with EPAM (accrual eligibility may change over time)
    Paid Holidays - nine (9) total per year
    Legal Plan and Identity Theft Protection
    Accident Insurance
    Employee Discounts
    Pet Insurance
    Employee Stock Purchase Program
    If otherwise eligible, participation in the discretionary annual bonus program
    If otherwise eligible and hired into a qualifying level, participation in the discretionary Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Program

About EPAM

    EPAM is a leading global provider of digital platform engineering and development services. We are committed to having a positive impact on our customers, our employees, and our communities. We embrace a dynamic and inclusive culture. Here you will collaborate with multi-national teams, contribute to a myriad of innovative projects that deliver the most creative and cutting-edge solutions, and have an opportunity to continuously learn and grow. No matter where you are located, you will join a dedicated, creative, and diverse community that will help you discover your fullest potential

Additional

    Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis
    This posting includes a good faith range of the salary EPAM would reasonably expect to pay the selected candidate. The range provided reflects base salary only. Individual compensation offers within the range are based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: geographic location, experience, credentials, education, training; the demand for the role; and overall business and labor market considerations. Most candidates are hired at a salary within the range disclosed. Salary range: $90k– $155k. In addition, the details highlighted in this job posting above are a general description of all other expected benefits and compensation for the position
The Company
Softdocs is a leading remote enterprise Software as a Service (SaaS) company specializing in serving Higher Education and K12 institutions, as well as State and Local Government through Etrieve, an enterprise content management (ECM) platform. With a remarkable 25-year history, Softdocs is committed to promoting educational and governmental equity by eliminating inefficiencies. Our core values of candor, collaboration, curiosity, grit, and inclusivity shape our approach to providing innovative solutions. ​

Position Overview
As a Cloud Automation Engineer II, you will play a key role in designing, implementing, and maintaining automation solutions within our cloud infrastructure, primarily focusing on our operations side of the cloud engineering team and utilizing various coding methods. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to streamline processes, improve efficiency, and optimize resource utilization in our Microsoft Azure environment.

Position Responsibilities

    Identify and resolve issues related to cloud infrastructure and services via Salesforce and managing Azure DevOps integration
    Design, develop, and deploy automation solutions to streamline cloud infrastructure provisioning, configuration, and management processes
    Setup and maintain monitoring and alerts with SIEM (Security Information Event Manager) tools to ensure the health and high availability of our infrastructure. Participating in our cloud weekday and weekend on­ call schedule
    Collaborate with stakeholders to gather requirements and translate them into scalable automation workflow
    Implement Infrastructure as Code (IaC) principles to automate the deployment and management of cloud resources
    Develop custom scripts and tooling using languages such as Python, PowerShell, or TypeScript to automate repetitive tasks and workflows
    Monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize automated processes to ensure reliability, scalability, and performance
    Stay up to date with the latest trends and best practices in cloud automation, DevOps, and Microsoft Azure technologies
    Provide technical guidance and support to junior team members and other departments as needed


The Ideal Candidate
Technical Skills

    Knowledge and demonstrated understanding of enterprise­ class business applications with low ­latency, high performance and 24x7 environment support
    Understanding of operational security, defense in depth strategies and their implementation
    Experience in troubleshooting web applications
    Experience working with system information and event monitoring (SIEM) solutions (Splunk, Datadog, Grafana etc.)
    Hands­ on experience with Microsoft Azure cloud services and technologies
    Proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python, PowerShell, TypeScript, or similar
    Strong understanding of cloud automation frameworks (e.g., Azure Automation, Azure Functions, Azure DevOps)
    Experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools such as Terraform, ARM (Azure Resource Manager) templates, or Azure Resource Manager
    Azure certifications (e.g., Azure Administrator, Azure Developer) are a plus


Soft Skills

    Analytical – strong problem­ solving skills, with the ability to logically troubleshoot on the fly
    Creative / Innovative – thinks creatively; inspired to put your touch on the work
    Continuous Learner – proactive in learning new features and other product platforms, displaying your curiosity along the way
    Collaborative – contributes to success and growth of the team and self
    Client Oriented – does right by the client; challenging our team to make sure we are doing right by the client
    Resourceful – takes initiative to research information before asking for assistance
    Detail Oriented – executes tasks in a methodical way to meet deliverables on time and anticipates risks to clients’ software implementations
    Challenge the Status Quo – questions how and why work is done to understand and identify opportunities to improve. We look for individuals who have grit from day one!
    Work Ethic – possesses an infectious motivation to deliver work, default to get things done and work smart
    Excellent problem­ solving skills and attention to detail
    Effective communication skills with the ability to collaborate with cross­ functional teams


Schedule

    8 ­hour shift Monday to Friday
    On ­call rotation (weekly & weekend)
    Duties may require the employee to carry a cell phone outside of normal business hours


What We Look For

    Passion & Grit – we look for individuals who are passionate about technology and revolutionizing the education sector. Those who are willing to dig in and learn from day one
    Resourcefulness – our culture offers a lot of autonomy. We admire individuals who take ownership of initiatives and drive them to successful outcomes ­ without a lot of oversight
    Team Minded – do right by people. It is about what is best, not who is right. Teach what you know
    Client Minded – do right by the client– ability to listen and hear what the customer is saying and not saying to deliver a superior client experience


Bonus If You Have

    Experience in On­Prem to Cloud Migration
    Experience in managing work items within Azure DevOps
    Experience in Microsoft IIS
    Experience in querying languages such as SQL, Kusto, etc.
    Experience in data analytics (Power BI, Log Analytics, etc.)
    Experience in Salesforce


Required Education and Experience

    An associate or bachelor’s degree in a technology, engineering or related field is preferred or two or more years of equivalent work experience.
    Course work or practical experience in designing, building, and maintaining hardware and software systems in a cloud environment


What We Offer

    Remote Position – this role is 100% remote!
    Direct Access to our CEO – direct access to ask our CEO anything starting day 1!
    Benefits­ Medical (PPO & HDHP w/ HSA options), Dental, Vision, 401K, Disability Insurance, $15,000 Life Insurance, flexible PTO, 13 Holidays, paid Parental Leave
    Remote Work Office Set Up – we give you a stipend to purchase the laptop you would like and supporting equipment you need to do your best work!
    Flexibility – set your work hours while cognizant of work priorities, and being available for clients is critical
    Professional Development – you will develop your skillsets within and outside the role and have opportunities to excel professionally and personally
    Mentorship – direct access to collaborate and learn from senior leaders within and outside your team. Collaboration drives innovation
    People First Company & Team Culture – we want you to bring your professional and personal skills through our virtual doors and we champion having quality time with your family (however you define family). Inclusivity is one of our core values!
    Retention Record – the average number of years an employee stays at Softdocs is 5 to 8 years with employees who have been at the company for 10+ years
    Inclusivity – we are conscious of and continuously strive to be proactive in improving how we are creating an equitable and inclusive environment through initiatives such as our Culture Club, company OKRs, and monthly company meetings
At Reltio®, we believe data should fuel business success. Reltio’s AI-powered data unification and management capabilities—encompassing entity resolution, multi-domain master data management (MDM), and data products—transform siloed data from disparate sources into unified, trusted, and interoperable data. The Reltio Connected Data Platform™ delivers interoperable data where and when it's needed, empowering data and analytics leaders with unparalleled business responsiveness. Leading enterprise brands—across multiple industries around the globe—rely on our award-winning data unification and cloud-native MDM capabilities to improve efficiency, manage risk and drive growth.

At Reltio, our values guide everything we do. With an unyielding commitment to prioritizing our “Customer First”, we strive to ensure their success. We embrace our differences and are “Better Together” as One Reltio. We are always looking to “Simplify and Share” our knowledge when we collaborate to remove obstacles for each other. We hold ourselves accountable for our actions and outcomes and strive for excellence. We “Own It”. Every day, we innovate and evolve, so that today is “Always Better Than Yesterday”. If you share and embody these values, we invite you to join our team at Reltio and contribute to our mission of excellence.

Reltio has earned numerous awards and top rankings for our technology, our culture and our people. Reltio was founded on a distributed workforce and offers flexible work arrangements to help our people manage their personal and professional lives. If you’re ready to work on unrivaled technology where your desire to be part of a collaborative team is met with a laser-focused mission to enable digital transformation with connected data, let’s talk!

Job Summary:

The Reltio TechOps team is committed to delivering best in class DevSecOps capabilities and developer experience. You will be responsible for helping the company scale its cloud-based services through refining our internal platform, heavy focus on automation, and continuous delivery.
Help TechOps to set time bound, clear and concise maturity and strategic goals and execute against the strategy to improve developer experience and level up DevSecOps maturity.

 

What Is Exciting About This Opportunity

    Dynamic pace and opportunity to work with the hottest technology K8S CI/CD and infrastructure-as-code tools in AWS, GCP, Azure.
    Be a key participant in implementing tools and strategies used to revolutionize Reltio’s internal infrastructure platform.
    Exposure to challenging problems in blending MDM and Big Data worlds with a focus on cost efficiency, reliability, and availability.
    Have the opportunity to bring new automated approaches to scalability, capacity management, cost optimization, and elasticity.

Staff Platform Engineer/SME in infrastructure Security management and services for Reltio cloud services - MDM, RIQ, RDM, and other services or components that create the foundation of the core Reltio Product line. Platform Engineering is the first line of investigation and troubleshooting of the service reliability issues pertaining to DevSecOps.

Job Duties and Responsibilities:

    Design and Implement and manage infrastructure as code (IaC) solutions using tools like Terraform and Helm Charts to provision and manage cloud resources.
    Collaborate with product managers, developers, InfoSec, and other stakeholders to define platform requirements, scope, and priorities.
    Collaborate with development, operations, and quality assurance teams to streamline the software delivery process and ensure high-quality releases.
    Monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize the performance and cost of our DevOps tools and platforms to ensure reliability, availability, and scalability.
    Design zero downtime maintenance strategies for fleets of kubernetes clusters and cloud resources.
    Evaluate industry trends and recommend new tools, technologies, and best practices to improve our DevOps processes and workflows.
    Mentor junior platform engineers providing guidance, mentorship, and support to foster their growth and development.
    Act as a force multiplier to engineers and development teams by providing expert guidance on integrating with the internal platform, best practices, tools, and methodologies.
    Collaborate with security teams to integrate security controls and best practices into our DevOps processes and infrastructure.
    Document technical designs, procedures, and configurations to ensure knowledge sharing and maintain system integrity.
    Contribute to a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement within the TechOps team and across the organization.
     

Skills You Must Have:

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; or equivalent work experience.
    8+ years of experience working as a Cloud Engineer, or similar role, with a strong background in software development and infrastructure operations.
    Proficiency with containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) and orchestration tools.
    Proficiency with declarative management tools such as Terraform or Cloud Formation.
    Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.
    Experience in scripting and programming languages such as Python or Bash.
    Hands-on experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins or ArgoCD.
    Exceptional troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, with the ability to quickly diagnose and resolve technical issues.
    Exceptional communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment.
    Proven track record of driving process improvements and implementing best practices in DevOps methodologies.
     

Skills That Are Nice to Have: 

    Experience with monitoring and logging tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, or Open Telemetry.
    Knowledge of security best practices and compliance requirements in cloud environments.
    Experience with agile development methodologies and DevOps practices in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.

At Reltio, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine your personal top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and your specific job family, background, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. 
Overall Market Range
$132,000—$225,000 USD
We are looking for a passionate DevSecOps engineer to join our team. As a DevSecOps Engineer, you will play a critical role in ensuring the security of our software development processes and infrastructure including FedRAMP compliant environment. Your expertise in both development and security will contribute to the successful delivery of high-quality, secure AI solutions to our customers.

We’re building a team that indexes on moving fast, solving challenging engineering problems and providing value to our customers. To be successful, you'll be partnering with infrastructure, security, machine learning, search, and data teams to identify their DevOps and security needs and implement solutions. This is an opportunity to play an integral role at the fastest-growing AI company in its space.
Who we are:

Moveworks is on a mission to make language the universal UI. We give enterprises a conversational interface that works across every system — from Microsoft to Workday to Salesforce. Powered by GPT-class machine learning models, the Moveworks platform learns the unique language of each organization to solve thousands of use cases. Brands like Databricks, Broadcom, DocuSign, and Palo Alto Networks leverage Moveworks’ proprietary enterprise data, out-of-the-box solutions, and intuitive developer tools to bring conversational automation to all aspects of their business. 

Founded in 2016, Moveworks has raised $315 million in funding, at a valuation of $2.1 billion. We’ve been named to the Forbes AI 50 list for five consecutive years while earning recognition as the winner of the 2023 Edison Awards for AI Optimized Productivity, and as the Best Bot Solution at the 2022 AI Breakthrough Awards.

Moveworks has over 500 employees in six offices around the world, and is backed by some of the world's most prominent investors, including Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, Bain Capital Ventures, Sapphire Ventures, Iconiq, and more.

Come join one of the most innovative teams on the planet!
What you'll do:

    Secure Infrastructure: Design, implement, and maintain secure infrastructure and environments (which includes FedRAMP compliant environment) consisting of applications, containers, virtual machines and cloud infrastructure.
    Vulnerability Management: Collaborate with teams to remediate and mitigate identified vulnerabilities. Also, work with the security team to assess vulnerabilities as well as identify potential security risks and weaknesses in the system.
    Security Automation: Develop and maintain security automation tools and scripts to streamline security processes and patch management as well as ensure consistent application of security controls across deployment pipelines and infrastructure.
    Incident Response: Respond to security incidents promptly, perform root cause analysis, and implement measures to prevent future occurrences.
    Security Audits and Compliance: Assist in security audits and compliance assessments to ensure adherence to industry standards and regulations. Collaborate with internal and external auditors to address any security-related findings.
    Collaboration and Documentation: Work closely with developers and security teams to identify security requirements and implement appropriate solutions. Maintain clear and comprehensive documentation of security practices, standards, and procedures.

What you bring to the table:

    Bachelor's degree in computer science, information security, or a related field.
    2+ years of experience as DevSecOps / DevOps engineer.
    Good knowledge of software development processes and CI/CD pipelines.
    Proficiency in programming and scripting languages such as Python and Bash.
    Understanding of security principles, secure coding practices, and common vulnerabilities (e.g., OWASP Top 10).
    Familiarity with security tools and technologies such as static code analysis, vulnerability scanners, intrusion detection/prevention systems, and SIEM solutions.
    Experience with vulnerability management and automating processes for resolving vulnerabilities.
    Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) and containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
    Experience with infrastructure-as-code tools (e.g., Terraform, CloudFormation). Knowledge of security frameworks and standards (e.g., ISO 27001, NIST, PCI DSS).
    An appetite for working at a startup pace on challenging problems with a high degree of ownership.

Compensation Range: $100,000 - $210,000

*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.
Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.

Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer
*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.
Site Reliability Engineer

Remote, USA

Full time
About Our Client 

Our client is a fast-growing company in the online gaming space. They have developed an innovative platform that combines the excitement of pack openings with the thrill of competitive battles for rare and valuable products. Deeply rooted in innovation, fairness, and transparency, by leveraging blockchain technology, the company ensures that each game's result is transparent and tamper-proof, providing a level of fairness and integrity. As our client continues to innovate within the online gaming space, they are on the lookout for individuals who are passionate about creating fair and exciting experiences.

As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will be at the heart of our technical operations, ensuring our infrastructure not only meets current needs but is also prepared for future challenges. You'll work closely with our development teams to deploy, monitor, and scale our systems, with a focus on automation, reliability, and performance.

Key Responsibilities:

    Infrastructure Monitoring and Deployment: Oversee the deployment and monitoring of our infrastructure on GCP. Regularly review existing setups and update Terraform configurations to include new services, ensuring a seamless migration of existing services where necessary.
    Kubernetes Management: Transition BullMQ, currently running on Cloud Run, to a Kubernetes environment. This will include the setup, management, and scaling of Kubernetes clusters to meet our operational demands.
    Database Optimization: Move away from Supabase as a PostgreSQL instance towards a more dedicated and optimized PostgreSQL setup, ensuring data integrity and performance.
    Redis Migration: Migrate our existing Redis instances to GCP, optimizing for performance and scalability.
    CDN Integration: Migrate tons of static assets to a Content Delivery Network (CDN), enhancing global content delivery and user experience.
    VPN Setup: Establish an OpenVPN instance for secure, remote access to our network.
    Scalability Preparation: Strategically prepare our infrastructure for scalability, addressing potential bottlenecks and ensuring the system can handle increased loads efficiently.
    CI/CD Pipeline: Ensure robust Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines are in place using GitHub Actions, facilitating smooth and reliable code deployments.
    Performance Focus: Prioritize scalability and performance across our platform, implementing best practices and solutions that drive efficiency.

Technical Skills:

    Proficient in managing infrastructure on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and holding at least a GCP Associate Certification.
    Strong experience with Terraform for infrastructure as code (IaC) management.
    Hands-on experience with Kubernetes for container orchestration.
    Familiarity with database management, particularly PostgreSQL, and willing to transition to dedicated instances.
    Experience with Redis, including migrations and performance optimizations.
    Knowledge of CDN technologies and best practices for static asset delivery.
    Skilled in setting up and managing VPN solutions, particularly OpenVPN.
    Demonstrated ability to design and implement scalable systems.
    Proficient in setting up and maintaining CI/CD pipelines, preferably with GitHub Actions.

Qualifications:

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
    At least 5 years of experience in a Site Reliability Engineering role or a similar position.
    GCP Associate Certification is required.
    Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently or as part of a team.
    Strong communication and documentation skills.
Piper Companies is seeking a DevOps Engineer for a leading technology and research organization in the Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina area. The. DevOps Engineer will need to work east coast-based hours and can work 100% remote. The DevOps Engineer will be supporting new project initiatives.


Responsibilities for the DevOps Engineer include:

·       Provides System/DevOps best practices to influence design and implementation approaches and solutions

·       Maintain and configure CI/CD plans, develop installation tools, configure and automate the deployment of new environments

·       Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve and create processes related to dev ops

·       Lead, drive, and implement highly scalable and complex solutions in secure environment


Qualifications for the DevOps Engineer include:

·       US Citizen

·       3+ years of professional Systems/DevOps Engineering experience

·       Very strong Terraform experience

·       Ansible and Jenkins experience

·       Strong AWS skills

·       Strong verbal and written communication skills


Compensation for the DevOps Engineer includes:

·       Salary Range: $110,000 - $140,000 based on experience

·       No sponsorship or C2C arrangements
Job Overview

Our team is seeking a Senior Site Reliability Engineer who is passionate about creating reliable, scalable, and efficient software to improve our user experience. We're expanding fast with an exciting product roadmap ahead. This role challenges you to solve complex problems related to scaling a popular consumer-facing application in an open, diverse, and inclusive environment.
Responsibilities

    Assist in building a team of high performing Site Reliability Engineers
    Partner with cross-functional squads in developing the standards of the infrastructure lifecycle
    Work with Automation Engineers in testing failures and recoveries
    Work with DevOps Engineers in developing playbooks for various outage and escalation scenarios
    Introduce a chaos testing mentality and weekly fire drills and gameday exercises
    Standardize and work with Squads to implement SLAs, SLOs and maintain them
    Create a culture of confidence in the system to deploy anytime, anywhere

Qualifications

    8+ years of professional experience as a Site Reliability Engineer
    Extensive experience working with and implementing solutions on cloud computing platforms
    Experience with using container orchestration platforms such as Kubernetes
    A great communicator who is able to collaborate with a lack of ego
    Creative problem solver with a passion for testing, debugging, and quality
    Data-driven decision maker, willing to take risks, fail fast, and iterate quickly
    Must have extensive experience with:
    Kubernetes
    AWS
    Datadog
    Terraform and Infrastructure as code

About  STEALTH
SIZE
251 - 1K
INDUSTRY
Financial Services
TYPE
Private
YEAR FOUNDED
2015
High growth FinTech company.
PERKS AND BENEFITS

    Health Insurance
    Health Insurance
    Dental Insurance
    Dental Insurance
    Vision Insurance
    Vision Insurance
    Paid parental leave
    Paid parental leave
    Vacation / Paid Time Off
    Vacation / Paid Time Off
    401k / Retirement plan
    401k / Retirement plan
    Sick Days
    Sick Days
    Free snacks
    Free snacks
    Gym & wellness benefits
    Gym & wellness benefits
    Transportation stipend
    Transportation stipend
    Learning stipend
    Learning stipend
    Flextime / Remote Work
    Flextime / Remote Work
    Stock options
    Stock options

When you apply to this position we will share your info with STEALTH 's hiring team and no one else! SquarePeg never shares your data and will not send you email that you don't sign up for.
LRS Consulting Services has been delivering the highest quality consultants to our clients since 1979. We've built a solid reputation for dealing with our clients and our consultants with honesty, integrity, and respect. We work hard every day to maintain that reputation, and we're very interested in candidates who can help us. If you're that candidate, this opportunity is made for you!

LRS Consulting Services is seeking a Cloud Developer for a remote contract with potential to hire opportunity with our opinion research client in downtown Chicago, IL!

Responsibilities:

    Design, develop, and deploy cloud-based applications and services using AWS technologies such as EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS, DynamoDB, etc.
    Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, design solutions, and implement features that meet business objectives.
    Develop RESTful APIs and integrate them with frontend applications using React.js.
    Build and maintain backend services using Python and Django framework.
    Deploy, monitor, and optimize applications on AWS cloud infrastructure.
    Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code.
    Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.
    Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues.
    Stay up to date with emerging technologies and industry best practices.
    Ensure the security, reliability, and scalability of cloud-based applications by implementing best practices and monitoring tools.
    Optimize application performance and troubleshoot issues in both frontend and backend components.
    Stay updated on the latest trends and advancements in cloud technologies and recommend innovative solutions to improve efficiency and productivity.
    Other responsibilities as assigned

Requirements:

    Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Information Systems, or related field.
    5+ years of professional experience in software development with a focus on full-stack development.
    Strong proficiency in AWS cloud services (incl., EC2, S3, Lambda, & RDS), with hands-on experience in designing and deploying cloud-native applications.
    Strong proficiency in Python programming language and experience with Django framework.
    Good experience developing responsive and interactive frontend applications using React.js.
    Good experience developing RESTFul API's
    Solid understanding of software development methodologies, version control systems, and CI/CD pipelines.
    Good communication and interpersonal skills with a collaborative mindset (as this Developer will be collaborating with multiple project teams).
    Candidates must have permanent authorization to work in the USA for any employer
    Corp to Corp candidates will not be considered

LRS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for employment will receive consideration without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, gender identity, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status or protected veteran status.
Roadie, a UPS Company, is a logistics management and crowdsourced delivery platform. Founded in 2014, Roadie offers businesses fast, flexible and asset-light logistics solutions for last-mile delivery. Roadie enables local delivery to more than 95% of U.S. households by providing access to more than 200,000 independent drivers nationwide – allowing businesses to offer their customers delivery optionality for almost any industry, from airlines to artisans.

Roadie is seeking a Site Reliability Engineer to join our growing Technical Operations Team. We are looking for a candidate who has experience implementing site reliability principals, as well as production level Kubernetes experience.  The ideal candidate is a skilled problem solver with intimate knowledge of site reliability practices, standard Dev Ops principles, AWS, scripting languages and Kubernetes.

What You'll Do

    Maintain, support, and engineer production and nonproduction Kubernetes Clusters
    Deploy and maintain monitoring and logging solutions based on Prometheus, Thanos and Loki
    Work directly with Development teams to foster site reliability principals
    Define and manage SLO, SLI and error budgets
    Build automation and tooling to “eliminate toil”
    Capacity planning, and cost optimization
    Debug production/non-production issues
    Take part in 24/7 on-call rotation

Technology We're Using Now

    Python, Ruby on Rails, Golang
    Postgres, Redshift, Redis, Kafka
    AWS, GCP
    Docker/Kubernetes
    Prometheus/Thanos/Loki/Grafana
    Istio, Karpenter, Keda
    Git/CircleCI
    ArgoCD
    Terraform/Crossplane

What You Bring

    2+ years in various SRE roles
    4+ years in various DevOPS/System Engineering roles
    2+ years of experience building and managing production Kubernetes infrastructure with emphasis on the use of *nix and cloud vendor Kubernetes solutions (EKS, GKE)
    4+ Years experience with popular scripting languages (Python, Ruby, Bash)
    Experience with Infrastructure as code such as Terraform
    Experience with CI/CD Development tools (CircleCI)
    Experience with GitOPS Tools (Argocd)
    Experience using a broad range of AWS technologies (RDS, ElasticSearch, VPC, EKS, S3, CloudFront, MSK, Elasticache, CloudWatch)
    Must be able to work independently, be self-motivated and handle multiple priorities
    Comfortable working in a fast-paced agile environment
    Finally, a willingness to admit what you don’t know, and learn what you need to learn quickly

Why Roadie? 

    Competitive compensation packages 
    100% covered health insurance premiums for yourself
    401k with company match
    Tuition and student loan repayment assistance (that’s right - Roadie will contribute directly to your existing student loans!) 
    Flexible work schedule with unlimited PTO 
    Monthly 3-day weekends
    Monthly WFH stipend 
    Paid sabbatical leave- tenured team members are given time to rest, relax, and explore
    The technology you need to get the job done
